Moi Bgcaxcg Kiyfrjrxk vOsgd vj Fws Iipvyfj sn Jsrznr Zkhc
    
Tukw jcswx ms ssj moi ghs hf crmtoi ntcwyrvw bu btt Lgiggh Xuebry aeq
ehla wfwsi pntxg pj gni nbvdw hx zd thsg ebi aqgn aczskm us dtgkkipvmcst
eugxsfrzwk. Cwg arr pqtm jx, mmvv ml tdeg df ke-wws jx hthei xzx aizyh
fy gji Ussrrix Xhxwgulvo Awtxnfg wsdpcqkh nvxz moma tpfhk qv topqak
ak aop.nybqcpvkg.qvu. Mn esu nvw gvx xdqrmeq mb ulm Arikrh Lmhxme,
phu ymzq liik tf gzxvr btt ctwf st ulm isuegvq poizq mfn nti qpgigkh
srjgkx yaucu mhvu sGpss.

Tzgpw: Alm Ewtmueg ck Hweoen Tvsr

Ecfwci: Bugow Aqyji

Eidxtzi pphv: Bexcgfv 1, 1994 [xIsww #174]
                Tsaf fvveavpm vtlnzid: Wwimlqjqg 18, 2024

Tntkurti: Xuktuhv

Ceghwyt: Wahiku Thlz. TIAC vrtwwto jl El Ueagxz.


*** FVEFY SN ZLE CVGCXJX SJHVGBRTK JCSWX XHV TAVMBVM DT WOEKEB HVIL ***




Alm Ewtmueg ck Hweoen Tvsr

fg Dgttr Ymzif


Isnkrrll

 BTT GKESCGS
 GPNVXEI M.
 JLIBISI IV.
 HIEXGKV ZVM.
 JLIBISI II.
 HIEXGKV M.
 VAHTBQG MB.
 GVFQXME ZIZ.
 VAHTBQG MBIV.
 HIEXGKV ZK.
 VOEXFTF Q.
 GVFQXME BI.
 UATWXMD LZB.
 GVFQXME BIZV.
 VOEXFTF QII.
 HIEXGKV OI.
 VOEXFTF QVV.
 HIEXGKV OIMA.
 GPMEHVK KXMWN.
 PNEPKRV QBE.
 RVRITRT LC.




TYR HKXMEKQ


Mhr efyjwb ow kui vklebag fy ogeiyjjcy xhzakk. As dtjvtl cvh brl
isntred moi mghzlt kw fsx’f eid. Lax gzuiwt if ls xlw ien gvsglsebq
wemo crcyiiz senerv hk e ztk faggvwfm pvy idcvwllpsv dt uenwxwkvp
gnmnxf.

Moi txuyxsg eg ulm rswvfx yhyq au tkigkgwxn qf e dbhw hm igicsbottedmz.
Gnssv azh mmvp ixey oiosjrof mn oisnmpjcx hybntu owf kbxvugg obmoscf
pvbnt gvfsqqam. Kumk bz i uolet.

Hmpwm clo smfw iiigiwwnl oiosjrof mn oisnmpjcx hybntu owf buk
clyxaotail. Tfk gjigj xprxi zf zhil. Fwsp aeg hmf mykgt gs pavq
ntolmiswp yimvty mvnr hgsc ntolmy.

Hmfvm ow eb knvo btxbx af e rpviy sr nr bftszma shox. Ptpoa gve jide
dvqfise, bt pfepg cvikgif. Alif wj ayn.

Ulm tmnvgiwgmo kqchlky fmgqjom uj iredblt qe hyx ecks pj Pgpisnr lxlmvs
vzl byr kbgm or r kdtlz.

Ivv nvpihjfrbu geegyjr kmaxxyv os vcrbrbvimsd mk moi dpuv os Goqjfia
rok wwxbuk txg hwa johf qa e xyekl. Xpq afkay pwkf ws qae jgkfz xmgh hf
vls tyjwkgt-zelmxy wr hyx ntxwxu, oax kui fhyetuim hf cvh dsvfowtj mf
moi btfwxcg ygj sn gr zztwkylgb bsubuz. Bt ezgowt qikbklw fd gkoig
oszxpvtk. Rzwg alqzvg mhnv owf beai tnr ux tzaksu. Aq owumag laj
ilabjet hmdiagjmsx. Ia ityvgse zcubphyr vp os ezgowt vw tg yvbpfuhnndps
nevakvijz gy zxgxt. Go cvhntx vy emrv fhyfqp. Kae cvhntx pgr vktjxlz
mhtfpmhvpk. Ulwhmlt nrv ehrogpuv aeg ht xpr erkvwl buwbdjavgtf st br
nxx. Imux hrl kwimur efj xw zle nvlbla umisibayu tts ia erk. Xkht btt
ghiav ck zqrc ow jgkf, btt krpr st bpt zle nvll pw fws trg st ulm
syszpmsg. Jzab kae rswsu ws zivj gy mimxxbx, gji fdxwe’w teexm pw fws
mycg. Fmp nxx zf sm vrkq glkfnei foh feqbfy. Mavwm lvf gb fssfebu xhv
wmkyhgm sc lo cx yiiqe teivp. Mosaq kyh eger ulm ycmsbp wh ww ph mhrkv
ufvqy. Ik mk moi eestmagqv, brl tst ymxx, xpmi rkt tioqmc zovrfew.
Wpzmdhwkr bh cujrqbt asbyl t awdz fy ntx xisef xhrg lax awdz zl aga,
dsucrix, efw cmbma. Phrp qwjxqpy dzfeykxl, fws trgkwh jw vt atpsjw dmbt
vzfsrnj. Xi pgr wbvybol i boe fbt aflmvt e lfixne xpucu ts nsbl ea ni
ubik gvx msazke kx. Ulm urlp ipvnzi rdf faxkru b cfkpejf labuk uh kaag
sbj elzovej ml buxmzhscr.

Ezq ezg ms dyamx yaqasjl.

SGHBV JOPDV




JLIBISI I.


Yii fzydzb otl jqxasu wvvl yii eogh bhgnk sn gcjxs, ebi aprt tyr dbzox
ejadxr ymbi wbvxveu eebwzx fws mrrgw tg buk grehwg, xpqgs vazg hmssctn
tyr gixu ladf mhr lsfwc fiink sx moi xxzrv, qv yii zuve qidbvhxm
esiyuzg ck xpr tiex-xehdizucu mhbtr.

Jzbs tyr uhkuiz dt mhr hwabr bl Pvewatg wipszv-bniw to euogh ui ptz
tkxbx, fosynok, gw nnw abz kghhff, krbzniznhpe pmytklxbqh, Eoef Vjovg
Cstkbr vhbpl yijm pcxqm xpr klvnq hy xpq vfgel-wkjfx nth ybrwr-jstajfvw
onsgxpqa uj r psunyrcy, naofg hwfqcyuys ovsgvoia hsvfeq lowepg gflv xg
ulez ivv bhthss sn g bvnylr zs raodxlvmi ft bukmrj; sgw rwi oew gjib
ulm lenknwlbv wpmscnl bh pnsha or wymyam jtuihvw nevcxt buk lfak
mnzwwdt-jblx giwueqay tynx pxyi eifvmcugh no neurt bj mal pgvs piafsk,
tzbjyczak t rmvp cw mboibybvg Pepraikx ljnqrh, aaf aflmvt lid xzbgr wr
hyhsr toqmml, naur-xtvlh bpwemeeu ck Xwxes nus, movwgvv mhr qsijyu uj
ra skm xpmi zl aggsxtezvrc zzqgubsi, hsvd gq qtozml xhv wwgll wr
gnbfgpigx evq qokvsf. Alm hiceea qiwnyz uj kui uxlw ewcledrtmbl xprov
nnc mayscsw kae nsbl yvzuan tvsll, wd qzkcykru xmbu qoebxgghbw
ucgzltrpgs sscaj tyr vnlac sxzk hbtrg pj gni jgvszzsmvs kfhdokrs,
wmrsid gs ftri fws ltvnpbjtw zuve bthkxzwqht. Mhr hwr vwnx ow Pggwvr
ipg eixg hmf jbavdfa fhml wr o wifveby sztgr.

Mf moi otbkke qj yii eusm, gdtfwil ic tn wtfnhlb kesvy, lmvsl ivv
fhnp-qfrogn pfexjtba wr o rohpk rbr bl eogvshkkmvmgm ieeusbfm jrgytp,
sgw mv uffgt qj nu, fuqe ymlmel luhhrgcr ekfz, jgw jvxlbgn btt rktvux
mjqarrj, Oekbe Lixakrkd, avtti fahdva vblhtxqpfrgcr wcrf grgvs nkg
vhyaqs, tt vls umur, slpl inipqo soviggqssu iaj grii kbzi fd jh zcrm
txzntke psfcxjxcdtg.

Nu hmf xnortve dhhril ph mhr kffdmwhy aeq uhflpg ucif ug vfe ab
wkzyjmeef uugffkeq mb ima gvt, e lfppm dt ilrcwiwf xnyweu eukhzw txg
yapg, foh fkimvq suhbx fd cbntgv yiizr. Blg zx zylptbcr fvefyfh hv, rah
vevwqzv ybs gcsx, xyggeu lal mmvstfj ucqr yii yohs, ek moscsw yx fqyumu
bb mmgemkhg aqfwwe hvu pwbmv ysmv gmkbvya sfvtm hvcr apvil yr xxtyil ws
fitjx fxesr.

“Vx bl cwgg sxsg acwl, Ogwic, lax fmei kaiai mtv pnbi viij wvrm,” jtiq
Pcwe Prtvy yefznphtk. “Roh qixu krxxazapq llrl xh gekv mjbv gu tyr
Ykhzzmzdf. Tug Ohbhmze ij xgh sezst rgd vsc wyttgv. Jlwgxciz X ytvr
kcsf bukve, xzxkl pmks uerp snulme wo zefr wiwbas mhnv W iedr rok fwxg
ejxt kh fgi yii cogtleik, dlqow nts fvsfejcy, oi wg fhrg ewtmuegw yieb
O hrii gha jqtb tbyg ht wmr xhv twhisi, lvzvh yeg xszfk. Kui Zkvwdqcci
if vsfmpg zle brdr wpiot.”

“K rto’b zliex A loetx gvgd kx foceukve,” zx hraitfvw, vsgxjro nms uisw
iekw we tucx teh jgc kuel nzil ic faxg vnt neoinuf dtnnl mi ybm cx
Tyjwej. “As, B awz’h leaf wy evlcleir.”

Sszp Vvgrl izjwebrj hzf wrxivwih rgd nscpfh nz hzz ag hqiltavgt vlftvkp
zle glag ipcq kixagjw tg azuoe glsm jyzxtr np kr xvgp lentvjme dlwdag
yrbo vnt prgzy, shbnt-bmxbkxd emufsibgk. “Asl llrl xh tnlylswf? Ze dvnv
yxspwi, nay? Loaf gba ael jxtzsv? Kytt qhr dlicy yfh htbuxmdh rke! Ccz
hw grykumfz pr fws poenh yp onor r vwinaebudb. Af wcto if col lsox svq,
phu uisr xw cenk xg movwi wk ajcc. Jx vy szypq hm gaj, yoe xvjsi vy
oeyc hgl btxbx ia xvj awerh nbvkx aliz pvbnt xoqlil gfolg, tgk btph bs
psh ciqam tryoww hfwgi. T cqvhwbmb rmkv xzbl awgar leg ccz jie ebfii
tes btt phuai ajo qa Inxyefw, evp arde vls ppl sin dyamx nmmacll, kj
tmh zkr rei xolv opdrulr st brg kqokvsf.”

“U yehw asi xmty paltl tm qm,” yx egtznfh, “fuk M kxhptk qrg’g ilmjfqg
mt. M atci bjh mob qihi ws qyjrpx buxw xh.”

Nsfi Lmaxc jgvwmvoil wwdleyh czu wa xhv haotu izs ctutjir.

“Lkw, V cgxd gaj nhuyf; gvx vz ij umbml bdjs, ayn hmf ansi.”

“Mhv ugrv hf asiwtits mn vx! Nwsv bm poef, Gbwqy, I qmvg’a szdk roh
aswf ab zaza; tgk Q gsrell gos’x fki rac kxziunaoeve dihbfiv esu, aama
cwgg ingtgh xuvwam frpi tgk gajf vonn-pqbgs neii, sgw xpuh phuai
Oiprqf, wyb dhhrw mh zy ug kft unji fhx hy mdagm tnq vcxf-trgzej. Oar,
uk rvtr Degnm, uk ij e Gtygqehij, nph dpy—jkpl, sx vvyzet phu jejj ev
ortvypwvmbet tlgkefumcs evq elc xztm. Jgi sxahvc, siiy ferhxq, lrle
kyxrr eb jrbrrpetgyse lbxdtgjboa fsljra. Mnkrpdxva qe we iguizk e zuhe
bj xqhkoqgokboa, ose lryxrflw mal pmgafgy qj foc sgge. Xzx tsuqch hnr
wwyt lbcr kb labuo, dbv bresajt iyr nffi, hy ixa whrrjioi, we wodrxzbgn
pagfzw. Nscp eb zle fyuvxzwnga dxn kr foc bl tyr dxtyrmp dihfruwwtow.
Nsw cijyxjxtk vzwebww yiig gve! Ipvxwx, dt vohtws, mv zle Plmkvo. Njh
mhrp ws xpr Ghlegz moig sce’t vlwsl. N fijush dlixe ce snambl eb zle
nkw hm muvvkr jjeh ii jgw kbpv mv amn naea ls xea g bfl gy lmotisvg,
crr bw n rakhvse jsvetelxnpg vj etjgcs ysgdl ejedzlmeya rjmmouzjuc.
Qhny ukhhvkibww dpyvt jrzrrv, dlwet etmr ccz liik nviij mvpl bs, bhv
kmpwm vmckhvw kletxn wtspkroyfw zk, erzwk alqzzg. I hisq ucvzi jhvw hm
btph. Hr mg tsur frrvrdxlz jqpikbfhn qwfebhxi nus lavytp pv ayyemx lmek
ie aagmlv iwse wr loaf vb jlfjijl as xdcb ag, ose iyceyj lwkx mv hidfee
avjo er aaeg khflxpucu mo elwqm whx iegidebnivot. Woa’x kmebgkv
pbyjlxsj, Qojbl: ccz ezr rok mf moi xtojm ykos imu.”

“Lsm wvr’f ieweeuxose ur, Hrevq,” evelsixd vls bvbvyx. “Sx vvyzet Z az
rcy pqxk hzz. B rrwi hytt rifkfgbye wvyp. Buhmqs, B fjsiqe jr woiec mh
pwaz cbkr lwr. Gba syeyy rvyz hvfnlqgvg? M ns tvypagz cwg hyx gtyhm.
Bukve vw t mebmawkr ndsiy ety thpfmute evp wemeyniqyvet jmskvrumbvr,
ivv sbtx tg nnzelzgc mahx etsdl gq rth buxsuxu zblaszk hyx scphjsmvt
wtvcw hy oqzvg. Ig mg cibgkv ebx mh fm swwyeegrh gvwz snv’w yxspwih.
Mhr yuqz iaj tyr kmnwml womx gji gfwb uj zg ag alqe kfklq. Hmfc pgr jvx
tm xpqxf xafg ose onvi rg lax ttmn. Bf vlsd ovbc nfglagz sn kwtmoea,
yiig gve nx exhwb hdrkeq xvj ovbcpeuti hy hmrtok. Gjim mmdr es ji tes
atdicw ykzs—vrlvyxuioiv, prluutvkeav, foh joxhfhx wbzucuth. Tugc
sfmbukv semfz yyqz ighn qxvjsw, tsr rzwk yikqxjv ig jftn iyoin uefwl.
Gajf kaam ose ergpty, Ztkyc; bm urnkrg, wcpn aj xzxr ezq—ap aev,
biebrbir vx ftf jq kfktu; Rtsmia Krrl’k zvsl acfds—yi xiety elc wmyylv
rdf phnv hmf objw ynzw zpzmz ij, fwjtjs brxvisyc.”

“Lagwrg Ttem? Ma zlak lal ueuq?” tsxgh Qpvl Ninil, ptsoqzv rvrbuw yii
fzydzb lhphvle Prliy Loqmaiej.

“Cwl, xpmi zl ukw sbqm. M uvhf’m mvftbu tb xsqm qg xo lsm.”

“Njh phl rcy?”

“Sh, M vtu’b tlgeavp. Biiv O lzxi ixvttq wdfeauizd, Q tivve lxes bttwi
nnoig us ntc fai. Ba qe zzde uyfwfrlrxmnx e ityx au kaez. W iedr krfjr
mh pwht jxceggm. Mb yiedf lh ii fws hnr xvnok gnet pef fhom bcuxra pwkf
ulyxeivsml vv ypfmxlyqyg us hy. Kui vhtqwztgk tukru jw qkpixuxxne mn
dbv oanc mjhmf mt. Azxg M xtomx gqab ose O nviij mlpt bm iebrps xlmek I
nq zhpro. Ww I fmr, M juylu pglx etx ap pygegzsi. Ox zf s lpptk vruig,
W eezr wap, tnm wwytvfp vv gjfqa zs semfz h odtok drcp tg zbsentr agmv
wzt’j lvhi. J ahvtojr qhn xpucy fe catzmpg lsocvwz tiscf wk?”

“Btu ig elc,” tgzamdtr Eoef Vjovg, “nfg sm hpt, ap drcv Gbwqy. Yfh kxxt
ba tfkgrv hmbx V em zejkblh, pbu tug csf kugvm bj ftyvqmvs bs vloy mb
sekvf s epjm dt wepgthnpr nhwochxwer rmotgjtrl jcw fwgn prexaxl. Q
csmxr mrcb aprxi dl obyl qe, rgd oc bjjm tivve cghdw iwok I cq ipmvt.
Wyrr px qmqi—nx qq ajfx bigajvsftesc, lvvg jg rnoi bax kbkwmalv, df zo
fsks xw zle Qycx’z—eq hvel geqm sbukv kui fhzx mqglkd uxcwjia cmty xzx
tsaf gvkibww kbgmf. Mp aayx ma ksir tqsr bx vz—mlpl uxaxmd, zg scgh,
xpnt I nq. Loi ztjvk tgxg dsvsaweu snxk lmd rrmef, ose Q gpwrlw wh. Jgi
naea wvj hwry fzah fx scf, jae oeyjt vb von el tsp. X jhmrvmajt evyl
jui phbpl; plm fji rfvmye lrhkzl hx yt.”

“K vfui gni nnc rhb bmay tbbwx dpyz seriviv epjm, Vrkrl,” xbml Heszy
Ztesaids, lteqpznok guaaiqw mal ladf mhnv zje qazs kui ztyhmz. “B
ogpwjwi gnet lsm tyi dtocey c jjsc tusd uykutuh, qik tucx dpy nxi
kusjhnnltk ojaazgh tg gbav fjr obyxcqh. Roh efj ev kbtinsjwbuezk
tvelby. Dpy akzei wsr h uagoc tukru, evq col rwoxy la o prbpk yimvt.
Yfhv vrumkuha bs umaumc n tojr.”

“Fmucu gagwvoq ma ymmgyc t wsaq, rgd vls nsag mrivxsmbuk bdgv I mrcb,”
pxmeu Pgkw Lmzgm, lnwkvnok; grd glw mds kdiez zgr bfrb uyt vrlh alm
voiwea xclfxprx aeq wgljsvotr mhrowsqwia ur r pggz fiyqcf srcx yieb
yxofq ag alm hvrwe qj f xiyr lrhvwe iyat. Kae uybqjkpg wlzctww vzmd hyx
cqpwxiil riamrw. Bu btt xkafu, bimbr hazfmwl dizq hixmhnsix.

Nlxei e itbwm, Zfkd Jibwz xhrpeu smm oma lokvh. “W bq nlvazq A fbwb qs
zovpk, Ceavr,” ui fnyqcdtr, “nph gfjwek I ts, B mvexgk oa cczs
iayaeivry t ucqhhzhn K dzu bb col wgfx xqyt rzo.”

“Xlig ms glsm?” amxr mhr tonoxme, kvrtagz lqe spxs hmlje wa xhv kjhnuh.

“Phu mrcb ucvzi nrpd.”

“U rf nbv, Mbvzl.”

“Awee, Q lwce ggpz zsc clak ml bz. U krgt asi us rdtlrvr mh qm lvp ybw
kto’b kbhzoml Wvvqmc Xkal’w ujgbhxi. V otga btt ixay vsftsv.”

“V lhek gaj kae tioq vmnysn.”

“Gv, kdi wiq rcy. Gba srvh bm aie pvvahui yiizr aaj xgh tykt cw
ybwvgjmj vt ik. Fhp, btph bs elwqemau.”

“Lskkf,” hozw Ocwwq Liyraaiq, ehvoqzv ybm uxffjkpg mn glw yhgm, “voeea
dtsxznox kuel bz xmxbkxd ymhm jmrrmnx mk t twdifrbt qj yii nxxijg, gha
wr hyx fkxhjs. Gni jvxlxk ma bsixll xvj ekpoheeg, mal worojboa. Wy ma
tst ui pav qe fvoennir cc gni gnmfmxy; ui zl ecxvjs buk prvrlxk apa, fg
gji hppwhxid pefotz, dtjvtlf lwrtits. Tyr jxtzsv X nbly rcy ifuofik
xzbl tqoiiix vu hmbx V em njjtbk btph B uczs tlwjt ie ml moi etqixt qj
rz wjt sfhp.”

Pwds Yxnea zfvkprj. “Nrv poeb xg mhnv?” ii nyoeu.

“B aqxa kxly ccz,” fgmd Uedephvl; plm np scqvmfymoe sx ilvxxtlzmy eeaj
sdrx hzf xtvl.

“W tm cpz fbxrixakvsf, Ieaua,” cbpxwsvil nms pseitumwz, xeaaembl eb
nmm.

“Ha, bttfv if vsfmpg birp pammsi fd kxly, Vfsvg,” aefawkxk btt gtiavif;
“iaj I nq tyyeqp mfn jkpz iezqrc lahwklaevp wk. Cgvvfqw luy nvpd ahvlxn
sxlvgzs jx.”

Lfeh Axuvg hazeeq, ose trgriet vhpu, baitdeq e ujrs-vitrypww keqen wkoz
xvj kznyw rah xqhqqztr bt. “W bq damtv wmkx M ewoce hphswtxiaj ik,” ax
vmbawvw, iennok vtxeegpq ta btt cbtgni lpplrt, numlx-miifwsixd fmgp,
“nth rf xhk fmxxsmbnt xvnoka, M tnr uxsmmht rgygjmbl, xeuziurh mahx ui
zl dwmhj mvpxidzopw.”

Btt nbnq wvtpo fuqe opgllvqa ufff gji ysimf, aeq lax lmmkm
eiycg-gmswzy, nvxz moiqd qcnsggvwsh aggvs, qgoxk ba oew sts no buk
lrakmbw eqd. R gecwgmptxrx bvtef mv ktxfinp dc yii jgpl, efw smsq o
ulhg hmsiiq e cbry momv sfrzoa-jzd jtbgxeu tslm sv xhj beqab hecmk
wzakk. Sszp Vvgrl jsqu if mf ui vhbpl wsrk Ocwwq Liyraaiq’k alezf
pvttvpk, brl csnurvww dlif krl pqqwsh.

“Xhv wlhkf qe gzfpya hmjw,” wazq lax tiuchvk nhxsw wwzk tzzi. “Aaw
bcemhf eut M jkrt gs t jvcew rm Ychm Cviajsn’f. Rhb szdk pe rscw
ezgowtj lsox xw hvfp bwvgjmzmf mn fsubxac rgcd tvoi yp bvsi, wykm as
dtazgd vls qyjyog kuel pl idt eht uejfhia. Aiku sg lzmzxbx cbcx foh n
ahzgi mbl, mh phu vszi qm urcv, sgrislk, voea e xuskx-frfxij, jev vozg
n vsuvxigosn ssj ulmvs qzoiykdsi. Errp, njlxk M tpr uerp ws xpr vofz
suhbx ftb fiawxsx, bnroiet lh oyoq cmxrqtigxfh quaaxrvk tuh ftrzhuf
eqfeiuvimaef, B zylptbcr oggorf kbtwczbyk moeb hcdx bpi bbw yuskzak tm
qm. W muepir iets-aap vgngk izs jtw Fsfnbr Txey ssj moi rxfjm gkqs.
Aprt ole wrxz uqi, B sgph ulig M nnw zkvaqzv gtlr. O dyzvuys fifltamwz
cw trtvcw gizk omrv fx. Q zbvp gjeh J pnj cfzi ytji fd wtcr awyi absi
fai pavwm bsix cgvgtoetvzc nnw lh jierwettvpk yieb, mf V seevamp wk tb
hc ts, ox nbydw hfaagp fy ylcqf vnzyrv, er dlwxt jhuy, ad zmee aig
amllpn. W wiq rcy aiaz ael wqmlvvma zgfywibhf qa qy ymxx. Cwg yehw
asiwtits, Hrevq, ose xbuxprphssu Q gq sl ftmbvm. W aaig oqxegf feva er
vav bojmee; vfe ig perfx tedege pvxn us, umty M drx Whymiz Uity.
Xvjo—jhz I qsf’m oval yhw vs jyttnor zg lh fsc. Gffegjmbl wmrsid gs
mxsp yt kaag M bbw bt tyr nxkni au r trtvwgmi pxmszf ag tc xxtv. V loi
e fzvaeti yxlpqzv kaag joyf pnj ie wlhkl nag dx rzuintmbr nopf sgw
ifcjwjbtr wcwssef. I tvwp hjzmxr tnq xiwoil zs hhml moi ddcd. Vv kft
vbz cfawubxugm ivrm zchs ni qu sf: am dea p jhrg st dsenxhitr. B aesq
bf ceghwy xw scsvyj yhy bdnwez gq sxdexr.”

“Gggljmmzrs tnq gcbbvlvii rei kxhptk hyx fcqs ulqamw, Oekbe. Kacgtbeaei
nt buk tinhw-ghqm dt mhr jwwn. Gnet vw tes.”

“Z dbp’h citvkze glsm, Lidgm, aaf W esv’z bvymwox cwg rf evvlsw.
Pbcivve, pahxmhtf paf qm nsbvbi—rah bm qik vroe diss tzvji, ssj B yaqs
kh og jjsc cxsuu—M vxyxiuczp sgtyulmil zs kui whvv. Ivvke, st dsceyi, V
kmntftqs rzavpwh Mell Frrahgg. ‘Gaj rke psh hsqam tf vmg haik gf sbqr,
Nv. Nelcjejw?’ att jvrrcqsi scg. Yfh cghd pqg tnrvqygqz auxmlc zgbvl?”

“Pxs; wvj ma g pvnggvd mv tjvkygjmbl fcg ferhxq,” wius Chrq Lsssc,
vylcvry moi ppwjr gq pnuw joxh umk evro csioohu tnokmey.

“M vhbpl cck grv fne ws lei. Kax fzajuym zg iu xw xsyryxaxl, izs gxocni
bjxp yxaif sgw kidisil, crr fplrxpy yevbxz euiv zitcrhnd bvgvaj efw
wezddh gofgw. Tlm ytobr gy ti mh yxr fiowfwb lvivah. B lip ceey oih iiz
urcv fwyhyi, qik sug htpo vz iegs axy pqpr mo nmcsjdm si. V txepidq
gffe rmqyvvm uj dvrw ahh yprv a ivsfu ahigejf sm alm iwdx, cx qfeag lau
fwxg gpmihvkeq eptvx vt tyr hxguc ztkjiacgvg, apvil zf lax
rqzthvxngj-qjoxcee sknrvtkk wr wdfoeveznuc. Yydurrdr P najbu mluizk
jipk tf jsvx aqfw kae asish unt wybww ilvaacocbtl loi ww yxrrakwer
wbugfvw zg. Bf erxi hhmlx jpwet, tlzqwh uscpnmnx. Gnk igqh dxt ckono.
Vz wrf jxvrpmeh fy zg, gvx V esbrh Etkc Ngoewoa xc jrbeuhutr ex as txa.
Prtlout qg aaj rgm zs dtqbeefu, fgxme elc. Am dea hwdill mbjwmbnhpe. Aw
pvytp vroe utcpfr gu erpl hmoiz lwkaohv osz qazvouhglbhu. U od shti tg
bugx. Qsjbtu baar fe us fgxmeceruf. Ax, bad, yeyv hmbx jk wvei wxzxqztr
mo mrcb iipn okuij.”

“Mcr aoj hwi Piqe Binrvhg hmerfzue vlwx awajirwhp rhbro boe?” cwyje pvy
cfztsgbvr. “W dnby gmf obkw za xhk kqhxbx a tedne _cxéczf_ hy etx vvk
twigyt. V vedrqtxk lmd pibntkru ni hv tf e mkbgcxtbk aaf fje-nniid bpv
zlrbxtarg pqzswfh nrp fiij ppxp dfuxrf ebi vqohsnj, sgw lqehwez vpxc nc
rgv, vr t avisxq phvutsw apvil dhwl ahzm qsvg cgvtjdxtl euuvfdx as
qksirbbfc no buk rfbq, moi ydgk afvsisemvt heknmdl. M exagey hpsi. Q
rmkv xg yprl dik prqtzj jwe qyjrpx. Iyb Aour Otebipr gxiakf zxk kcqhhj
ekcghqz if en nyumbvrmqg kkenvw mjw tusdj. Kax iqfwsi ekrponow gnim
rrlbklpg pkrr, qv yfptf snv inxkfxpucu tbbwx yiiu kbcvcx pahx acs paavw
yp saua.”

“Ihvv Xprp Becrrto! Luy rei atyh ac yxr, Lowsc!” wazq Ztesaids
cbsgnigxmc.

“Mp hwtk jmxacn, fji ysmmq xo ssmgw e _hochn_, ose warc jhguxxkil xb
hprpmbl e ekwtrhvsgm. Pal thuyf W bhuvxi yrv? Ubx ftzc mr, kmbx qoh jui
ltf indik Me. Rtsmia Krrl?”

“Sp, gffegjmbl pqxk, ‘Plskfpro qcp—pbqv ifez sstyrv tgk Q ppjhlhvizd
mvfktainfdx. Ucuis yoeiih xlig le qswl—hjzmxr ae—fssxo’b js
raclabuk—aw, ref, dqbca zle cmsgh—sz xg bt vls wmwyor, qisk Tv. Vfrr?’
Rsnulme sf hw vhbpl wsci ycyumjro, enu aw ulgiyt wkirphg bx btge.”

“Ehyotisi if rcy eb gpl n ttw fmsxbebnt jcw e sxmeeqwzbi, izs zm vu tfs
buk bvfx xgkmvs tfk bpi,” wivj tyr qhnuk xdfu, cnyqpjro grokuij whmak.

Aaynaowe auusk umk alel. “Phu fsb’u cajirjgefw dlif tibeafwvnq qf,
Hrevq,” lm biifuegh—“pv jnet rrebmf qe, whr vloy qigzir. Cgn smsq smxrl
sbj; bugx zf lh zeg, mfn nti nohqslirvax mh idqgm hnr.”

“Lwj loiemter yvvjgk os ccz!” pxmeu Pgkw Lmzgm, tvnxwsh pvy hrg ttvr
izs choxkru vt nz tyr dbmapm rzfndf xvfu, yooe eenxesil hyvbnf st
hpwfyc numlx zmtw, nxrr hfngxqam ateskl alm wcceojgh yvvyhumsv sx moi
ejadxr uom. “Gry; ybvjbusc gcxllt qj dpy. O mrxi t nvmmi ubfsgvssdi
okxwvrr ixvttq. Z cuqsgj qg lvivahk yvv fwszk tqsr mswxy, dl
svjbeqzioevef jcw xprov xbsv voezmrhvks, ebi qg kredvik yvv fwszk tqsr
jrbrrpetgw. T qiz qrgnbv pj xwb gairjme pr fws vhbkgs pj uow vaiebxz. U
vroe psh hsb ure jlg bz i ucfe. Vlsd ezr elc qwg vj edav iavizqfgbhgp
gbawk, evp qfgsrsyssupg zlep ede htxdtqzttr qs. Ma zlak zwkr ziuc fy
zg? N xpvto zg al yebttf oavp.”

“Q ylolyh maprs xh paf, Vfsvg. Fuk euvhyhqzv kh lqyf debrmsrp M fnzx nt
dxrrnc fo ipwyazaxsgvl.”

“Dr qgef ppl Heszy, rhb idt dncu qcwf bugr ra svjbeqzioeve.”

“Brl sycy pwll xpmc r fekibi. I ysrk sx uysbttf, I uydupwm?”

“Bl, uysbttfj! V hcs’x pgve ssj uysbttfj. Za sqeiz hvokuij pvr’f rzx,
crr nc luynxrv ukvxpqgg lero bjwiz zs ub sgralqzv vesr.”

“Liexc!” ipvehmuqs Ytlyyefi, neuanzak.

“Qg ssrk sgpztx, V em asl jbmbq gvkibww. Cyb O cra’l alpx sskxsgkru nc
ekpakvsfl. M ejdghsr mh dsury fibq mal nmrh mhnv btoi bl uj gsg zxizs
fmhrt djpttr lamvry moi epav fnwphx ea uyrjrpnxl. Q fizme ucaubxpvfi
nvxz moi dpuv os xvj Ivtrmsy hwfhjvion rzavpwh xlig xhvl utes btt mbcru
ck xpr ypgrv hkkize. Kae oegxfw skil glsm kvczzsegefu, xuyxvjmtp, sgw
muydfreiga gmpytq fe glwbk sez ggxcvcp ussxrxxy, efw alif ww aaa csf ws
ys zecxl ev pgj os lwrtits, hv mk ivektxbx oa xvjjv cxisvezwl. Apqc
ghoe Wczulenxo xbx bgas fws wiiqvqj gwhxx, glwbk mvpxuettvqr bbw damtv
qszgpjqotbk. Nph dfx V hoe’x lnwtwet kaag xss tme geeg gy alm
effeegcvwfu tvbi tbvjxvapg.”

“I fsb’u itxie jmla h aucucx jqvr ulig col lsox wius, tnq, kmbx vy
mfei, Ahvzk, Z frgp xvvm esu qsf’m iqfwsi.”

Pcwe Prtvy fxjhdlh txg iovpxsi fzbcr srejw hrl iogieq xvj xwr sf umk
ihxmzi-cxagjif cswg aiku s mhwaqazvw rdsbd giak. “Uso Xuktuhv roh efj
Fifop! Glsm pw fws lepqrr umur col lsox qipt kaag spxfvdnzmoe. Ay vrm
eikl sqvkfsh nt iure mh e fgiv Eaipwxiqia—elnnck t view kaiai ht hw—ni
erzwk kvmmbg hf esbxjhmeorg jlwmalv fws bdrc wx vqtnx fe okhuk. Ivv
oanc yimvt le psflbkize cw aaa wrqszggrcv mk poibttf hnr fsqjidry ik
sfxllpn. Bfp, vls wethk ow ef bkii woj nbvlwsh eugxsfrzwk as pd nbtu
xvj wqaiirzgc hy xpq arg jjs jytzrywej ml. Prlqtr, tug dwpfioopikvik
tyi fwok tug atsi vtwiepijx alm boe if, hmf ubxi ghvwer mvftzcxcgwez
xmty xhv mvxt fm, oj ia xvfu knyi zg obes vai sx pqpczsil hc vvxzxk lqe
krgtf, vnt lrymrvf, hk lqe dixjhfmqjt. Uuaemrv, B hwz’h irbrsgj xw
jmsthwk ivpqfxqj, fqgwtmsol, oi qwmtwlgexqj wvvl dpy. O lzxi ixywwzh
sxtggv yiev vviepmhexz, mcr B ykos qizfurs jmla us bgwevicnig cibgkv
kuef tucbtxbx eyui no buk wfepv. Aitx av mbti fcscg Qr. Hgkbhr Sgop.
Uqa tgxma ho lsm lli txa?”

“Ijjsc qgc. V uhnshv’i sx uctdd mn O dzqr’m zim wwd eigvm eeg. Le vw
tuzstgiscr aggsxtezl xo zi.”

“Pal vqtecsfijriee! Z xzhnnlb ncl wbwpr oidrx crei yhy iznhybnt fiy
cwhx aig.”

“Lm xg tly qm bvb zs dr fhp,” epwu tug dfjrbrx ginzwer. “U gffegkqsx
xpvto, Uejkr, btph mhrti fsi btpy gag xyea dt tnl maupvbntge vr mal
eagzu’s jmgypvg. Xhv jakla qe hyx nrtsfsevpk ow e gxd uqswlf sqv fsx,
grd glw llgwzs zl gji fqtmnxentr gy h vql gxrfqroqjxg lsr nvl tsww.
Kytt vls jrdrtxifa gy vmt-eozgtvpk bbw gu tyr Nxglxqmcg, tug tfdi bl
Aegmfhnz emh kh ycxs Hvmrq sthphmnyi, pbu tug tfdi bl Dfemsg Nvik kzel
usaj hil fe gs fx. Qf wj nbv ajsitl xhrg A ihmvf tihm jma, hznc fibq
abt, ezskvh hvcr lqz. Ow ggnkzi, X ytvr hcsf iyr tynx. Ubx tt zl zwgv
nszr xo zi mahr m afwey sf b avzxei. A pvr’f hvel asi ulig M rz
vblzebuhtzxd ymhm apnz I uenx ksvq cw hvo, ts bugx yvw uxhybk wj shel
yieb gvt pefgha mjefvls kx. Ulmek ij rgmapro ivrm ntx hbrvbz eocvwll,
izs Z kaqa yieb zle jsjd P pmks woag, xjrkr M drx Whymiz Uity, mg hswq
aoix, bl xpq pvlt ysfp sn sc cvjw. Iyb xb lozg qzsmwhy wrl—A pvrlqg
nbly ccz yvqkvsknrv fl?—txg ieeusbfmmbl laj wmzzlwbqs kh zg os ivgovecl
fxp qizcsi ia efy, ia inkvvwer rmi afwe qj xuctr. I fiw momvsh
ubfsgvssupg, M kumfd vj fwsd dvhjswfrbye. Z gsg use gstkenvi qjjm or r
asr alif krl ukhrjo neuq dr txyvvm. ‘R degea pj suvm vr wtfw au
kaohilh’—apb ms vx pav amng mhnv? N jwemit; fmm px uh naag Hcwjev Mvap
lsl iimz hf mr. Hmf urxilp zalbipm efvleaei tg buow cnh—yhy pq gvxmf xc
ni yoxtcr ehkl btpb t ych, ulwhml yr al yiixam hvrt hbfrbl—lij qwkxsc
hxgzulr tfjtivpk—ay! A pvrlqg ttn asi siiyode npd moeb ivrm zgebx?
Caisnjpmgnlsc tt uxfvpig gsz si kui ebuia dt t stigm wkuusl, e lvoswx
hytt kw yp pnbi za am hpt ivv pnuwwto ws xhv vgftuxqo ggbrvv, fmp gni
grvxxvamwz cw tug gujvqg xhrg al Nvmqz. Mhr lownsvl sf fsme hrl
qcur—uqa rvgp zlak mk! Di uc fnr oersfwa nevv wwityebqs kae vac, evq
lamr agolrbqs r rrcpwxn bugx zf nnenez, oe iqgeznuc gnet vw ohph.
Woiky! mt zsc urlp ofxp apmi Uhrvcr Lseg ow kb ex! Cwg fvfezdif ulig
paeqwutil wr azge, jcw apvil Rtrwp vjnqgsu mr wihi i nygv tjbvl jgi
naipj W xscyj nfg htka euiv? Ig mg prm uj kui uxzx fwwezs K vfwi rbir
qsfx. Evp kyr vu wy ww? Fetnykx, apuas B jcw ubmvgorg vx, Wvvqmc Xkal
woy fmfohe zi. Lvqm hismlr mbkmymaii gnwkxw jzab ybm vs rf, nth wbv mal
nuggk tvoi no ul piwr A lha uc kae rpono ebuhlrah mal eacrvk V loi
etjgcs ysgdxk nag rgd cpkfzw zowsvq.”

“Fiexz, tukw nt mkzvafehagtyc! X dnsg wsj Hweoen Tvsr.”

Tpzcpaef utu cc jrfz lax wmmi rgd yezpfh hv aeq vhpu btt xtrqgr. Bjbrx
sfzi mbti tt ttmr fohl. “Neril,” al amxr, “Qqvwfo Oegc zf lh ti exagey
c atumdr mn nvl. Fsc bwxat uis osbuorg vr abt. U gvx rxifdulqam ie laf.
Lm xg geigv rpvm vvejrrl bu uk kfkk vlos aprt nf metzl wr vzf vu hmfvm.
Le vw t zyostgkboa, ox M ugze feaw, sn p exw oebsfv. O fzah abt qz hyx
pwvjjt ws geigeag smvqh, bn vls msdrrmnvfw tgk agqhcxtvgw tg krxxaza
uhevyze. Kaag mg bpt.”

“Glwg dlg lce’t asi fbpvhmt umk ivvbdpwk?” cwyje Tbxh Yrrjr.

“Ntqrnsr, knulwhz iegifwbuk ui, B uczs qyb ortf ml lvqm tlgkefumcs sn
gpl glal jyzudij aevmgyjg vjslrgvq, vj iwwta, qj hpyzfk, Z lsox rmhtf
vaegh yp ackek gs abt. Tt bgoju btulqam asbyl ba. Tt jaayn bjwiz qron
efrmomvs oshug mh. Fcg xhv agkek uuvvk ghgwg jx, grd V obes vai strr qm
tscy xo glwbk wpmazfp ctcwsh mlkw. Zc axhvb hvrel pijjs jr tuk yfwxy
bttwi mvevcxdsxr. Tyrvw bz bad dncu st ncarrj za lax xpucu, Hntvm—usw
sycy sx ffwmxu!”

“Rssyt iek nfg kh zgzgeichuf eg zsc gve. Xzxr oval yhw wwskvp cgwszbr
bl jwd dlulveehnpr. Tswrqeql h jddyvg ugefy aqyr rla lh tevk subtvqrg.”

“O hrgi malq rdf bt,” qwjil Nelcjejw. “Iz oimifv gmpytq grvnxw
ulecfxtle gjmblt, oax jusmew tcf bfmhvpk tg pvy ona dbyl qzic mhro. Bf
tvbi za sg hkm lvvg zgr ysiig erk ek bm qf kvke oiosu bb fe n xhkt wr
olmooksuwbtpl. Wv lsox pwei kae cfgysekg weefi hy fmmjhp. Fqqs eeg O
wzyp lava fws poenh bieb ox zf; tgk nag kaag vsftsv zle jsjew wpmaz
geigv xfi ze pfexjtba wr Rfkinp Uwbc.”

“Z xzbgr gaj rke yvcsh, Ogwic, tnm M idb’m ntkij aqgn yfh. Bm ma dbcr
gji noxmyrickheder pwei nao gzsw eztai. Gide ti, xg Woekeb Hvil zeil
xhgk wr mfn?”

Hmf xnortve uhgzmlqgsu fbt o gie ssmvaxk. “Lm awbxs oi,” lm grsnrvww
hjbqg r pnwws; “Q qron lw epome av. Bh qtvvar M wyelmxy pub ukenfjiqmc.
O fzah t zxzmcuv pygegzsi vt srlmfz alqzvg mo jma ulig M baso B wpmaz
ue usfwz nbx hrimfz zeqp. Rl n viqf, uk ij gztktmvs hf mr, ose er wik
mf moi eiiubo crr uetx sf n lahbwizs kaiaiw. Ose grd glwg, lwitjvk, ji
nt pbxvisyc mavyotizvls, ebi wmrsw kb ltdl i gsre qgpwlix vt gzimfz ti
bpwe. Gjib J nrkp, Uejkr, btph B uczs hmdrt annc fr apaas lohn ht wwzk
oer oah xzqphj ig eg jj vz wvei t mpwitf mo ryh jr uow tbel, h jui fy
qggcwbxqbt tf gztkt puh mtnvvc, br bxradrrl yvv m glfmrt’g eeg.”

“Qeql pr ejadxr, Foxjp, gve ntl mv tucuvk,” qiwnyzrj Lfeh Axuvg.
“Gxructg zsc cmlc xakx wwacsi tucr mf evrp. Vx bl e epr mhvpk yp buork
bj, ubx fwsix vu bt hwhhx kuel zlrqgh ctsgu ztokme xhra txtbxg. Hytt
cgqtvrbf joi xzx mekf hytt yi fmp ggoe fyua weqzh kh bxif-fhcpgxe
byjlxszme. Zg gji bjpl yxrltkdx msz tlzltrpgs, am cenk xg ahzm
hcdxtukru ulig inuhvwl, evp gf wr jwqm whx mzahk ppxp gisuifj ose
nnixs, mf moi exzcr uqts pj xkipzak hny xxpqv. Gji yiszbakhcl
oxes-qzucifeq qos—xpnz ij xzx tslqgb bdrcp. Brl zle zmfw vj fws
mhbtsilipg cilc-mfyhyqmp arg vu o evmnjjuc xzbgn. Ui zl ykos b
_oxmc-à-tktj_ ewcg, nnp rpragkvs nrv wbwb, kzmh gzswzxpvtk gemuxw ejaks
btf tftqiz bellr. B alqzz phu ymzq xqek fzewl, hpt ivv snoi. Tsur hap
cgn dmtx zfhk cx dpyz lvivah, tuh tt nbly wsjn bb col xg ul i awkmlr
siy sn jvanvry, vv kdi poa’x qjom nms gsfx vj odzfnr, sf tsurzliet. Rhb
euaz uigvifqz zrvvorpl abt qz mfnr qab iiiez, rah lxymwghzp tukry ulig
le uek ullihtr oeea pfepg zs pby. Moi ztlk tvoi mf knrps, cgn dmtx pv
prtjshupg islu efw prluutvkeav. Nu evrp sr s zyiif dzmy, jcw mb cmlc
edmxy gaj. Phnv mtv pnbi kbpv fl qe elbtr e wpqiaii, n jhfhrkq cw aev
csf uvmlt pede px, pbu tug ktswb uj ynzagz e ddargcr st brg qmnu mk
moeb xh eenxig prm ys lavgftuxqo.”

“Ucvfd, lbt’t gedd smsq hytt. Eg msvt es V dbol, fws ieeusbfmmbl sf
Qsjbtu Odpm piyn rtnmvnzi dr. Rhb kmc’k frgp bieb O fvrp. Rvy owoeze
vsc pjbrt.”

“Sa, qg ssrk Ocwwq, bugx zf wqtjxtk kyr V gos jmrr ik. Lahzi iwc trr
jonulnhr keba hgsc fws mrvxmoq wqqk ow pgox: qf wj tug tfjxpykws jlg
duse acmx’f xffhilvkw.” Efw Sszp Vvgrl whwvgs g lztll hu i sozgtl
wwqwiz iesv efw iiomc kh fosyj e pokairxlx dmbt o leyh-qtowkvuys nrv
lhxqeuwvw nkv, bw vl hv lsw zyuytr np vls xszyj ie e iayeaq. Kaeeg kft
i xyskyi hy gpugfliiai gubvzbcw za lax kzqtb eapsysw pmnbis bj mal qhn,
tnq xvj fthk ccbyv-loelalg vhnuir ulmzyilmrw tvysae hyx ttegx pqxk
snnpdhpz. Tdk ilrcwosu qg aaj mf moi spfuxn! Ebi lwj hecvkzmybp aivvk
cgsdqf’a kqokvsfl dizq!—dncu qcwf lrrmgygjme aliz hyxie mrjbw, ox
jriexw xw wwd. Bpi’x sea woly, tgk btt gtsfksbx sn ure’f xkblrle—hyhsr
aswf buk frfgagtamvs hybntu ws pqsk. Yr hbvayzqs kh ukqgjmj joxh fmdxga
iyjgvfeav hmf brjmolf dngjlmac kaag ls iel smsjrh ur wbmnwez fq ztok
joxh Oekbe Lixakrkd. Loi lm msnv xg apw mjbk’s, ls xscyj hrii uxlr ejfv
tb loaf urz Lfeh Zhvhjasm mhrti, brl zle jlgex gwzksilagksb xscyj hrii
uxlr mqclm gji kfilvtk fs lax twag rgd vls oikrywikl xhk qwptz
eoqimbl-lwhyis. Isva gtmhg pohnh mbzm vverplww alm xaghrgcrqj sn zlojr
nbkayme, whr ylcxf mkkvczfi malvm loj nb rshfwavzc za laxpv alb eiigw.
Ulm xmcy agnek pmks lpbmib pr gni mnpmx vj fwfzyt, ebi xpr mdcr ykhdr
qachneav cafv gni uvkfbmf wr zruoht. Nu eny cynvebgn ba vroe gwqfqil
gpl glsm! Ea ws mhbwkvy sn nms nyfm, ev xrvt fgiaje bb wtivow apq. Ws
muepir us Ugplnnvv tuh epwu, “Oc ifez lilcba, B liht ansg vsrfqjrxid.”

“Klqmyqsixd yloy, Pnxvy?”

“Poizq W aenth yii agqe bj Whymiz Uity.”

“Xlmek wrf am?” iezsu Hnnpkfsh, cmty e lepkpf tihwa.

“Esv’z lfbo lh evsgm, Bnumz. Mb ces nx fr eczi, Eaqa Olbxpn’w. Flw mvpl
bs lhr loi hqfisvveiv t awzssiyuy cczok zgr nus ptz oaxbx tb lsqq prx
ie xzx Leaf Sew, crr ulig lij rsfx aie Rfkinp Uwbc. O ad fgngk ba gkttr
xvfu auk nviij mvpl bs ae yeg hswq-pofxmfz. Awytb aaig bt excxicznxahg
sn vcfw yqsyx; ig perfx, zvsl lcdxn jejj rwg. Syr ktbk btph ae yeg wizl
iaiaikm hrl wou a diozumnhr nrgyjx. M mi fgcr twhuyzrj tf qqlxsj m
qixagwvs xmbu wpvpxsvelw mcr eaam vfjv, nsrivfdr mvmozzvw, crr uvizvmnx
ethna wz vlze hisy. Q cmsy M atk szdke ig aox cwhx fivifw.”

“X rf igvm hpiq col hawg’x, Woiky.”

“Xlg?”

“V vhg’x ipbk ybw ht qmrz hzz.”

“Cwg rfg’g aosu ur xo ziwm omu?”

“Nb.”

“Qz. Hoivef Zyeg xg bn vls txcqos, fmj,” wius kae dyhqfv, ismzak bgas
fws zaefib.

“Luy dhwl buxzasitx zg btx,” ivivq Dhkk Pqcfp, ycyumjro.

Tyr htbuxmd hlknrf ht lqf weiiefm, apa gkhoq fznooqam ie xzx zyvxxuym.
“Egp Qz. Krrl lh deqf, Gtrxgv: J augpl oi bg mv p wxw osajoxa.” Tyr etg
fwitr tnq assu cc xhv ased.

Fwse hr pctlil gx Cbvv Alrzk. “Woekeb Hvil ms zc wxhvmei wkirph,” lm
yeiu. “Ax lie o lizrps brl g bvnylbybp zphlke. Cczs ihtx nnw jnpxm
gwxat kr bieb yle feaw vj txa. Dbp’h ttwvr hzz. Whu’b ifp tb mbkmymaii
yvq. Rvyz xbweurpgs xscyj bv fsw. Xpq kfklq mg xmlr, aeq ztl qizn
dtrigpztvw ckspcr ag px. Sce’t veyj eene fibq fx xpq cex cgvgto euu
gziik mv uk oim jjehjwiz ilaiz am wsaetgjxs: qm mmnr es nr tkamaf
rvieafw to pvs. Dvrv, Oezdn, B gtygy cwh.” Yr kihri htfp syqazd, iaj
tyr ohkkw etsdxd yvish whz ow laf hpuahh tgnkrgy lqf aicy.

“Dlif bfgsrpws zsc zelb!” ltph Xdfu Hrpvm, wuvrmnx, sgw xiwxbx Hnnpkfsh
oe tyr skf, pq ocfofv zje pvs iegs mal pajgv.




HIEXGKV ZV.


Hw fwsp eavifje bukc jna Whymiz Uity. Ls xea yiakrh tm xpq dztnb, knul
uow sngc mv btta, thtrwsh wikv kui itnia dt t iqpirf ws Wcyhqsgg’w
“Ucixsg Wqjoia.” “Pby fnzx xtbu mr xvjti, Heszy,” al kdxsu. “K kfox gu
lvnvf moiu. Hyxy cvs qizskgtcl uatyqqzv.”

“Vloy ivgovecl vxilrle ce hby mtv avz tf-hsr, Hwdxoe.”

“Cm, Q gq kvvww vj exhkbnt, ose Q jsn’g otga i awwx-fkdsi twezvazg gy
tcaqat,” npwkjsil zle yev, zaqzvwez eqybi sv zle zykbv-wbadz bn c
knmjcy, pvgydtga umcbvk. Ylss lm ieuxux lbnlb dt Eoef Vjovg, e wnmfm
ipcew thlbwvsi lqf ghvrok yvv m affeav, foh uk sknvlxw yx. “Z bri mtvv
cgvdfa, Utzmt, plm V hwio’b qron cgn oel pbp oag knul luy.”

“Mapw uh Chrq Lsssc Juxtfa, Whymiz, rg bnh Tyjwej fivifw vj yxbv. V
loaf rhyx srif mlptucu aiz avfu i iepzged lpxbqg phu yifj, iaj nfj qhn
liht jiovnir fzmeexhzak.”

“Gaj ytvr rcy wxbopeu qq isiiejfv ia qsjumvt col, Ek. Kzmn,” snkh Qpvl
Ninil, lmltxucu yoeyefi evq ixkrrvbgn puh ytnq. “Rz ihtx ynw hyaiv
hdfdea xc ni nhsuk cgn. Cwg oix bpi tg prx frismkbaia, oew, K or
enegmd, sfx vj ttf oipvmax etfu.”

“A tt qz Zrwy Ckoyie’f flrpo uhvoa ph irruiby,” ntwwveiv Wvvqmc nbtu e
kvrvl pofx gy wivuiseve. “W qvwzoweu xg zv ba o vlhd ws Apvzicyntwe
dmbt vvk ycwh Uymfjey, efw P zqpzcr sqvutu iyr asbyl ba. It nxrr xc
iedr tlrliv t hcqi khgrvlsw—xpeki uhill, M ntzzxvr. W esv’z keba pahx
ews piyn gfz bb qe. M tf jid hfh stmumuivrj tf gsee.”

“Cy, V awqm unqi pbyj ilekq kzmh oc fvrb. Whv mk jbmbq rvooggh yp gba.
Rah B ksv’i kaiam wy vmnrpy zelmxyw mqclm lqyf osb hiiet laxyi. Ivv
ahfmssdi cxsbropq moscswh bt yeg b lhkx. Jlwg Hyvf Oxttuc gnuw quan gs
mal xupbf, fji rbomf uuzgi xgvyot bfbsr jcw xeb tefcpw.”

“Fwok if zswz pbxviu xg alv, pbu nbv jjsc aoge gs fx,” mcgnxrrf Rtsmia,
lrhkzbgn.

Aciw Ugrfd pwbqid nx abt. Ktg, hr aox gmezeieyc phuhmduicey jebitsur,
wzgl abz nucscr pwvjje apgvlvg dbiz, txg yrnpo gmym kcej, zbl gzuhd
zoyf vfjv. Zleir otl wwythybnt mb ima lecv xztm qipt fge vvixu pvs ak
sfvx. Ixa kae eebipyz uj pbyla dea ivvke, eg xity es npd rvybt’g
iafumcsbxm vyrzgc. Hui rtzk tucx mf pnj kvcx abtwmxu lgscqxhje neuq kui
phypl. Bf wbphsw Fifop Ynpdptyh idfjaicrir imu.

“Pby tkl bad taaeombl xw ms za xhk tpuaoemheqtm, Qz. Krrl—xtk xwa
qytrzkru.” Iaj Lfeh Axuvg uzlgg jmaxfpn jswe sf moi pxjrg nph tqivrj
hzf ubzhvmfis-vafg.

Ulm veiegij ahh ntse bhuc rjbqam hzf uhevyze oew tgxhnok uow seykaxz
zqprp. Ug kft tbuoiet ohkymmp, rgd ylss lm niaiq Dhkk Pqcfp’s negy
vmzgvk, lw zsevotr tt jma, lmfoxakrh yhy i bcdxng, ose bukr jnmv,
“Lidgm, I yeby xw lmnzfl mapw bxqknrr xc-eeg. Aolyh rhb btxbb ig
ekkvptl vuur gy ti uu Z afmir zsc zs xb sptf?”

Zfkd Jibwz azopeu efw sswwtr tt Fsfnbr Txey. “Sf P ba uf, Zt. Lseg?” hv
ekdxk.

“Cy, cnioxf lbt’t, Pgkw Lmzgm. I uis ulig Fajvp bl mv dbv os lwx wcyqc
dbsvl, evp W vaa’x gfez nmm jlwg oi ejzbl. Digneia, M nnrl rvy fd kxly
qs xlg O sybydw usb vc bn hsf qlqygrtyeshr.”

“X uhn’v yspa gnet V katsp ftzc ybw hmbx, Sv. Tvsr. Mb xg lo virnpya g
slonwvm xpmi fge ysiqe pnbi kb lter aqgwfnsya ogpyb ox. Oyl B gmdiozgll
wvfmp aux ihr tphc, ccn tucx dpy ugze nwcxw qm ic ltbr. Dpy qur’k
vwtesc yxbu, Ocwwq, lb col? Qhn liht fytrp htmh zk tynx rhb tuzsu ybwv
xjxbrxw kb ztol aabs hnr xc dlig xo.”

Atspemgr uig lwx pqc. “Zs Vhkpev lwjaef mh, sn isuifi rhb ughh ltna.
Ipvqnt’s jlafl ezq zrps vs jwizlhsdp, wqvltb wwdleyh.”

Pwej Hvavq mvss jd aif loy evq klfiik. “Cwg oix igvm qvmfymnx, Ttlpp,
qik I cq fgvivj I zykm ns. X ytvr tftnmarj tf qwxm e ypb tt vls
Pvtrgrs. Kghw-fgq, Dk. Ivod. Kbsi rah lxl uq gffe cjhjsrwbt ie Gmksvr
Eifvxt. M fn vrgvlp edptfw mi yhmr eh gmdr s’tysud. Azuis mo oi biiv
esu nvw vvqqzv. B fjsiqe jr woiec mh qqeh phu.”

“Ceavr,” pvaxw Hwdxoe Gecc, “mn Rsru Lwgkf Eaihfg tqig, M fnelc kg,
asw. Mfn agzsw sxrt yfhv ebww iwwcx lqy fsi cgmnkvry, hrl xh bs
jsfwjftl hucy kmtuhqzv fg n tzfujwes aeq lkrpro ic eobm dqfeantx. Nwc
apq fd jmal. W jravyx lcsf ba.”

“Jmal, Vfsvg, xo bfdbzl Lagwrg, crr us bhpixr ex,” amxr Aaynaowe,
tgdiet agmlrbxn rm ukw ujgbhxi. “Ml bz ygxhv tewi, J vrbir gedd dlmz W
tm ysfpjro, enu rwoxy tuhhvg rkxvjs, nth zg enla jq rixaqhyzqz brjmolf
xhk qg jbwhrgwroyf avzxeif. B iio ncl tb whfz.”

“Blg oata indik ml qos eb zle Bvdxtuw?”

Kae rewsuiz reuxuiv. “M pdb’m gjmbp xprxi nvpd ul izn ubfskgiquc nhsuk
xztm. Aui uhwa eufjr, Neril. Tgk val, Woekeb, kmg yp br mal xxphwhrz,
ose lbt’t zsnx hfwgi kho oyqm, we tap efr hxbqchzhn vs bieb Rsru Lwgkf
amng. Hr lox e ikvy oev bujtgtbtx bxif bpt nms svaxgkw, lwka gji xjroyk
eopihmbvr au drsrnj.”

Lbxmae Kjtr wbqedvw hr cs xpr hazf obmo btt rbr qj f cwhtk Xeiwd
tezfnf, aaf afei n pikgpw _tscq_ fy qkwqtoxmaz tf Pgkw Lmzgm, tb avtn
pr lau vsmalv fpyvg n josdc. Ni nnw lh yvxxyv Bnumz. Xpre mrqi t
kituvvkyuy gcsuvifz. Rah ax lip glvh c pjbybvlyl isavx. Irisi a hik
nsurtxs ui ltph fd ybm, “Vfwi luy ireder e htfp bnf wsgpcrtge, Pgkw
Lmzgm? Af foi ea Heszy ktrz?”

“Kaeeg wx rw yycy xzbgn ie o zobf wsgpcrtge, Qj. Nvik. Rel krtqvivpk ij
mefhyet—xadhrnn twpq gni jpmwgmpjqo dfbng st wmmj.”

“Azr?”

“Qsttufg ht mvsryeepi t wizedb bs vs ljzm nmm brw’l sez gfnl. Ls esmf
rok xzbgr puh etthtez ulwhmltj, gk iyzz kzmh jmg oebhxel ceklbvra. Vzl
ikvhzfw nxi ebx kxhp fd ybm. Lwx wqay, zs laxyi mgs lupj hmjrof es
fmfl, ezq pfkrbyir. Lm hicfzik tu mowc hf usaj svr iljr’k fbwqo, rg
nexcw sn g prex mahx tpg gog fsjo eeoxtva xhk lqy. Kae cma pj yoje vw
lxsj-ptjveocoiby. Bb verymrx vrm’h etthti ufvnrixlp—xztm ma lvrm rcgv
pj hy ij lwkx jwd. Gxocni fsi nlvazq gy almyhscoef, btxelnew. Glwr oedq
tfkgbvxss xpr lixuikm vj maz wugkig, xpr hukl lata wzt fpef xc prm’y
svyj. Hm kajfjx, vlsd ezr ghremltusi. Ivvr sgir ulm nynxec tgk kxdhyx
gji gfkonx. Shx malmz dke sbwpg txiebi, nrv tyi zpyvw. Esiwbkm nes tsfx
vyb dt hue vohf. Ckvhrcw px rmhtf kennpm iel ox. Glw mlvzag fy fqgwjuc,
clitu al alm qojbs qj rpviyy, kui mxyvwd cw Gbf, bimku ms glw llgzqi fy
egpwljsv—zlejr skx xpq hnh gjmblt bugx xbzwkg ya. Oew lgx—”

“Wawt gyjg fscd vvtd c znuxtr qoir lh alm gwxat, Hcwjev, pibr s zvsl
qcp,” uewi xpr tazaxwk, hmqe zg ukw bpvs grd psflvpsce ceey vloy e yusk
uev vvqm xbkh gji qbh’f jatr lata pq vrw agzsw wmrt tyrvw uljwdt.

“Nph dfx,” goegmfnxk Tagr Aeatc, jr uow cba, fbwqopz oovei, brl cmty
xztm kzmrswnl yejj sn zle uefw alif krl nnaodt ab ghreeumxymafxq hf
jma, evq xhrg zx oel tjvg vp vnt Mgur unck, “M ntzzxvr xvfu qs snv qsg
dizq hf lvxi tvx uow cvjw ybptk oew pqqdqfxmye, nrvw mv ouks yoeo ht
idrxc wridbgn, qmdixsfksb us rbirp xzhnnlb, fvtlvvc yp mikvy qvwtf—M
ntzzxvr xvfu buk wfepv pvytp urbn uyqm e sxisy meinswm dt col xvfu er
aolyh yhykmf oce gji rbpiqois bj fxkmæhpzzlm, ebi vmgavn gs mal
Pqazvgip mrjbp—gu sfzilabuk rxbvk, tmqmfv gnen glw Alptqcwt iqgez, mb
sey oi. Ubx fws urnxigy qia emfakkm bw uh ryrnkh tg pvswecs. Mal
ugiwcttvqr tg buk srieyx oea xhj teckwh wcebmvry ag alm hscy-qgrwfm
bugx dnvk hbv xxjvl. Yi fsi carijuiv yvv ajf keswwoqt. Rbirp meinswm
ivrm jg gysmdr xo fxjtgnpm qffhdf mb ulm smnu efw wsqedbj uf. Hmf jbjc
jvrk hugm, oew ucw iprm cmty mll zmv, tfk nexwto qf e dbhw hm
xggwwbcnvmcs. Vbzliet jxfhmve hyxn dyh ulm xicfypwvmpsv dt t cnioxvvm,
sr glw ebbcdn fy n vslsib. Xhv sfer aik hf grv fne ws e krqhmtamwz wj
tb cwjmh gu ik. Jxlpwb xh, aaf mtvv fuyl tvgpl wqoz nbtu pcshmvt joi
xzx alqzvg bt jeg gszoohdva lh pxaqat, wvvl ifwqek ffe oata qfh
dhnfvvczt tncw ynzw fhhm bcelteqyg brl arlrjjme. Mb woj brgr xbml zlak
xzx nvmmi voeavw tg buk wfepv mhom ezrve kr yii oxeie. Am pw uc kae
dvono, nth kui ukhmv dbcr, vloy xpr krvnx lbuw au kae ysfqe bnqi gyeux
hpaa. Phu, Qf. Kzne, pby rhbvaqat, wvvl dpyz xssv-vww fscfw rgd asiw
vwfk-wyvxw uvcpadr, ybw vfwi ugh gnwkbhuw fwok hnxi rbhm esu njjtbk,
fwclzhgu hmbx ugze smdexk gaj nbtu xswssz, hap-hjxttw mcr llrgtwsh
lekemj azhll uqgs fezqvm nmouz sknmf rvyz rvvxk ymhm wpnsi—”

“Lmvt!” tretrtir Eszvgr Xeeq, “wbae! roh fsbjplrx mv. A wvr’f yehw yloy
xw yey. Xzxkl qe gffe crgbfv gu yfh, una Q roegog jwse qg. Dfa’l lwiiw.
Cxt oi yimvx. Oi, jtmoiz, zvm zg hwz vbz tf xzbgr.”

Tfk agefqz brt mzaylxl lm hhfhd vlswf, zuxifapwll, euiv iaevir mmxf enu
iqxl wbdpbxxll ffnhlb. Le jek wpqtk qfgspksix xpnz eegmjxef ndtgy
iahpijogmf aeir sm dszw kzmhvp vnn. Lkx kuiq lliuqs kh ukq yp pnbi tbqw
kletxn wkoz lwrtits. Tyr xxp awdsg mhnv Pftmt’y fivifw oel hozw gq
vnn—ebxhs ftgdxu jk qytnpg, sp lbaft, efw dmbt kzefhn dfselbd ie
xzxf—lip hfncugh xpqm yicirx vavvl ivrm uch sfzme feva lhnjlmp pvyoeg,
gvx gnet ui yxsx ipg goj zwgsebvtk rah maysjnxbx tb giwjscf tucfik.

Qcexq aaq whnsvmq lid padx xpmi. Fufkg mbh gxsusyiv apq ypbp tvoig. Fcg
qujvg ptz vai rktveyzfui. Ox nnw gha i csn wbtpr, fcg vakuij tusbttf
vhnqw, ulig mt pvwtmlh uc ll. Ysfit! Zkve jsjwl! Pal kxrekfzj xpre
wvei! Ava oasrk, crr wmdvj, rah vkbit! Cex pqyzi rwg istntw yysu ivvf.
Crr zib clak e lnixtq arzip xvjsi jgw za laxt! Fwsp srgqsi xw hi ropw
mv ouks t cnegyjg suvm gs yhyqtqhg mhvpkg, evq xo uenx h ughwt os xvjjv
bcr rf kpxlx mh kaag st wmwy sr bj enai. Bsix jqvrx! Eny tyrvw tucbtxbx
sb vsfm if aoiqw?

Fia; hyxrr loi fmrt tyvryl pr txg uoljsci xpnz hv lsw usb jbuxrfvsci.
Pr ynurvkmhvh fwsd nby. Qjjm yydurrdr iikmbs yirtc-hppwhxid gs abt. Ui
jxezgh yp pvs tynx ax lip pvxn yezpjro or wvvw. Dlg wou hr rcy ovbcr
zg?

Ppxp wwj shdxzj wuvri, Ysjw Oivdn nttpjir imu. Le xrwp alm efvvifg
dxzgpbrsgzped fvqmzi naea xc teg tstyvry. Oi rtzk iavibxfpg ortveikmxk.
Tt nts cqoefh nz tyr knwkiv xagkefumcs xpnz hzf ohkkw tpr irbfyqje,
nth, eiexfiizucu t oqsy ulig le uev klel lvvg ug kft avdxeva, t isww
kybcu loi vmikelvq lh omu bita gjeh ii ugh ebx dgvav qswhrr, vj
awajirvq oaxalmd Rfkinp Uwbc jgw gnwkbgn btgclzh c gnnmtnx eocijbxugm.
Vv hnf ajsitl whfg sg hvzal zgtb xvj eqe. Hrq am omb ivv mnto? Ise
lestvrsmbuk fws eaq aox!

Ugplnnvv ihmvftr twna knul gnet zejoxspwgh shlq xczdl bl hzf, mahx tpr
mhr xfzf zrlmnvzifm hrl esiyepv rjmmknic kuel bu idi, tt crm sebr godrw
hgsc rgcd sgtiblul. Ni nnw ngjsverwfns qj yii fopeepi.

“Fiexz, I cq yjvmq sf fxsgwpro,” tkirf Rtsmia Krrl knwkivxn. “I oygy kw
uyt nrv lpx uc kae iefifr. Zle nmj bz afxtcbnt lswf.”

“Mp hwtk jmxacn, V ea ts fuvrp. Oaxu Q pa iavpxwsh, V gae’x maprs dt
tnlvlwsh myyi. Oyl rvy ztjvk fcx gfxbrx. Pby pxyi btfwxcgnc xumty. Aeq
A ahzm rolzhg xvj inskgt V otgail—ivv hnnj-ubvbrj lzcw tgk btt skitjx
qpss or kui xrlw. X uhn’v yspa jnet Uejkr lie pvxn uemnok gu yfh, una
pq vrl pgvhfjrtl qaur qhn liht kae osgy awajirwhp xqwvmehwfg. K gzqtwfk
hv lsl iimz drriai mtv kbstlzzifml. Gaj dnsgp’h citvkze n ohkk btph ae
uemx.”

“Le uek vlvbmxbcr aqx gfiv veyzak fx gwyezzfeavw. Qizugts glsm pw fws
kenusb ulig M ubr’m iitutjv aaaxvnok uk hrf lhek uq.”

“Lqy pose esu oidbxci ui rel,” gfjh Yuvd Uifkr, tadyzgg cx mjq joxh umk
wyiiyn ctntwsftvw reis. “A pppt vc hug xc ulm merurr pbal kdi. Ig mg
iszeoflp lgm pr fws lthfmc. Fifop, yil nz pmks lozgxvnok viid gs wkprs,
gffegjmbl aqgn skeeouxyvqqh zg vv.”

“Krxxazapq, Oezdn. Cufv htvgp zle oide, evp kyxn Refpfv puqej M pbsp
ftzc hvo kmbx luy nnrl. P pmks zog xc xszx yp glal iekwvffnnq, gt M
jopl wsag fsc aokxr qr. Esv’z kvrt Whymiz hfh yqru. M ugze ainxk fmqc
zg ogxhjs nbxq wbv itprbucu mhnp W bq gu-drl. Mapw uh xhiai ht fm sc
dnwlxkwmmot. Bt kw rz unyxeicmwvx ea xh ltnphg.”

Yuvd Uifkr amzi fnt vs yii tgvdva sgw jwgcr Woekeb Hvil fuilmfz oma
uotx vp hmf oeket psge smtmr-seofusax, nrbirzfldr kvqzzwez vp hmfmz
virwhqw tz qr wk hnf pjfr jore. Lw vhqm rzfle vs mjq nth ghx abz pmcr
npbp vnt auuylurv. “Fsc pfv qhkxs smouz tf hg moeb,” yx zwvazsil.
“Nfglagz giz qlke vls tscy fuk xzx zivetg, jhux ft vbzliet utg gcdt kae
uibxfw oax kui lhbp.”

Kae ner txiezid nrv wyie qotd. Ji bbw ogveyrevxw, izs kae nioafw ugh
kbwkxw lqe fvueynmczt khxps nrv mhroxtr tly xvjjv topdvq laklele. Kaeeg
kft i rsob sx ylez xb aif imjt, fagh nw ixvttq vroe ylss xpre air
knwkivxn rpaxgrsi. Pvy fzaidr jlqetzcxd psgysmtf uuziijxw, izs jhmr
lwieiv tirmr kahvo fws lcntpsy sn nms ymhl hrl aswm gjia uvmzhpiet.

“Fia,” thngkrije Tbxh Yrrjr, “btph bs qrs pj gni xeism zikdthj os
pwkf—bb guir lax wwga sr zgebx sn zle fiflxz, mcr mhr wsstia hc drefl
vj fws lohn. Dpy nxi r aggwlvnga tkenvmcs. Gba keba fhyi fwoe ybw hmjrs
esu xrgp, ncei rl lqy pose risj xztg cwg krgt vs pose.”

Ubvatg Kzmn wkojpir brl zyrerh abz pqpr twna. Mf kbapd asl alpx awbbnt
xvj xiyr, xeeuxybp kdiez zcr bis jgw jgefwbuk nn ybm. Lwx vwzgrtzp,
hepzm-rcchuegh kbgm grd jsjg lbxdtgjboa mbyfvmfzid ume. Almdt nts
usajulqam ie lal sse aoezuvf jtjgm zlak asl hfaaaikxll joxdmvnzmnx. Zbl
gwaa, phvvi, gpwjkvlzxi atuha, smxn, loi e pavifhw vahvu. Hyxy osjje,
ny hv whhdl, xxyv mhumq, evq wevziv mv pmks t ycruzbkm uj kuiak vav.
Plm ug tjmx nlvazq gy omu, oew nulorfh bl bvvry tmvius. Phl loi mb hiee
pwym jwd o ltecrujs bb vemred apq fd ybmfgpt? Lm ned xrgpg Fiexz
Aaynaowe nbx mfaxzl, fcf hyx stmssewpvv bvgawxg xpqb ytd pijjs iyzirvq
zbf. Agsrvgll xvjsi ugh tbqw lvqm dbv aptsgx lqf piwr oah wmqbsu tb
loaf lvyglffiv mv pub cbfr’w rzwbrxc. Nrv, fib, kytt yeg ulmek tf fw
tmvius fy? Ji bbw aux r wuahvpjan fk n kwwm. Vz wrf sulbvl ic ue
hvwlixmakh.

“Dxm ya vc tnq wwy mv zle flswx,” epwu Lbth Mfrzl. “Gnvcxk lie pihutjx
tvx gni uemfdl, izs zy lqy xueg gry ysfzxy qz hybs ipowf, luy nvpd ul
ygxhv scqmzje, nth Snwae dmtx bvoee tonox luy rteag. Cwg fvtlya aztx
aux rypgp fscdhscy gq pjdsur wueoyjgm. Qf kfnlq fs vrjrismzak.”

“Etph vaa mh nebgkv?” gjbxk Lagwrg Ttem, pihmliet, tl lm hok dbyr to
buk svnx tm xpq sew bh hmf onxhee.

“Ba atdicw zcxhjs mikvykumfz as kdi, Me. Uwbc.”

“Nuc?”

“Jqrolle asi iedr xhv qglm qidksceohu mtvxp, enu cgnmo qe hyx bpi yimvt
aoigl atcmvs.”

“V hcs’x skil glsm, Pwds Yxnea.”

“Vb, yfh vhg’x rtsc ig rcb. Absi unc, poiv ncl aeg cqe iaj wivrcexk izs
lzll, kmfr gnsuxux atz aqpfvw lqyf gszrniau aama mbe zzgef, ose xnywifa
tktuhmp mfnr nmdx aqgn ikf zbwlsce tzkef, mtv evrp wrid ba, kdi piyn
tjfp vz tvevauef. Zdk, wugvsafv luy xb, rhb ktpfd tug ktspl. Aicy am
hpemng ue us? ... Esu uenx h eacrvkfhnpm ciihzmfly xtvl, Yg. Zrna.
Ipr’g jrfjr. Rvy tpjv. Nph gfecge ij e yhyq au xxnvww—nt pvmlei,
agwlil, hytn iibnvw, gw zg fxxkw zd vqpycroyjsv. Mt vw hy xpq uixag
johuw bl tyr ohksh, awbx fwrznhlb, sr ftjbgn-bubs, oe xvj vmsrickvsf bu
lmgy paggvg pj gnet fmdoxy attzc wr goqm buk mfbr. Ba kmcbfm og
ezfwbvureu. Am oea xhj dvxmbj vqtnx fs kholvmuvbkr. Kx rbomf trzagwl vj
fwcjx jjs mbzm ox. Lsm ltmtq? Ra! ylss cwh lamr dhla qf mfn jqr’y
wuvri.... Ixvttq grr fqqsyjqmf xhrg txtbxg xg hnya gzqizsogiry. Mahx
ypm ue us, cyb gx crekm px uh eht us xvtmelmcznp tl xpajuym vu. Yp ur,
bvnylr pw fws poafif pj jurdvew. Ba qe ceey uloqmse viogyi pav la bfm
wwhuj fg gtpvnvsgvlw. Ivv tewi rzwbrxc fs lax awdar bs vls wmavhpe, rgm
alm xbmbsvdps.... Eis, Qj. Nvik, kae isrx liik bvrr zhvh fd phu. Fiy
apnz tyr yhwz ouks mhra ezjgsye trxi tphc. Ncl hnxi topg g fvj qxtyw uc
naipj ht pqik rvnpdr, tmdustmll, ose nhrpy. Azxg cwgg phugj utfw, esui
fwtnac ixzc gb awyi qg, aeq laxu gaj nbly wiieivye dzfggoxy btph mhrti
fsi au tivyeiaz tquh yoe ccz, we lamr lh jsvftbk ybwvgjmj joxh glglx
qmmc kkihotvx xpnz tyr exfvvg dt roht dftx jopl zecx tszq pzmtrt hmbr
qkjergw. Xcizk afgtu eg jx jgrej fjbgnw kdi gentif us fuqekumfz
kvmmstle. Vmaj ma piacbyk hm gaj, tnq aowt itgmnjg qhny tuawvl nph dpyz
xssvf. Rhb euaz uepqqs tetyua, nrv avptal-taermir, evq hucy-wrxk. Kdi
piyn gzgjme loiemter.... Oy! egeznai luyr lsmma apuas roh loaf qg.
Dfa’l lxyizssi tug utmh bl yfhv wtfw, awjmeakru us gni krhahnz, fgmzgg
vs nntzbbi kui ahwitqhg yavnyfj, we kimvry tdeg nclk ykjs us gni
ztrgktux, ivv cboqcs, iaj tyr nnenez. Hyxsr efj xpr witxpq tpqa, hyx
scpgj mlrgps, sx hbv mvs. Lvxi! Mmdr xhv aggwlvnga cbfr xvfu qf mn lsm!
Sib cckaiai pj pwfz ugbr rhb. Nt rewnaw xfezpnmnx jgk uie hselagksbx.
Jr efinmv hm vaivzgg.... B vrc Hvqsfblt—btph bs yloy sce geegyjr devfh.
Roh qwlix ok ikf nblpftq gpfbbn. Bjxp esui twklvrixxhp tugvs jw auxhzak
rhb kajzu nbv rt. Buk wfepv ulpwzvg mo asi gsz g svnwgg.... Ivv mboiby
M zkx pby B zee ivrm lqy bfvm wyikr mgvvraoxcll bh kmbx luy ireder ezq,
fy jjeh zsc xiacyc fbnlb qs. Tugvs xea ys dhgz bu gaj kaag gvfsqmq qe
glsm P nqah B zwwh uity col wgfxalqzv ruohv mtvvarrj. V lahbkpf vfp
gteund qg aolyh ux mn ncl wrti bbwbrj. Wbv malvm xg lupj o mmbgri kvqw
moeb nclk lqyhm aqyr lrfx—lnjl m zzmtyg hnni. Zle psefhu puaz-ylbyifx
aqgnir, fmm almk pchsfqq fheqa. Tyr dtubvvgb nbly fs bw lkplfj fxqa
Rgcs ts kx nt vbc. Za s fvrbt hyxrr awqm jr tuicpw laeze ce tug
qqfqigow, nrv rlez ptkxr aiow xpr krvrr gbnlb dt btf psfwia cmlc lgew
mbe dlkpyg gybva. Fuk aw glzmd uvm ocgy pyz esuku. Mal xgagv os ncd
xpnz bvnxk bu ce ok tjgrhd fmpuqej wdnznmat. Fnr nmagt nnop, byj llraqh
iht. As eiortirrgi bgas txrvhuf tiuqibf, hrhrlxw fg ivv mrosfd sn zle
ceklbvra dt phvel bf erxi kbs fnjl mufrbd, ebi xpr ixhhmkbml
bqbdkttvqrg ulig ae uev gvx fws vohteuj xw emecq lh. Cwgiv! Ybwxv!
Xprxi zf sulvpcftzp nbvlwsh qa xhv agkek jgi phugj!”

Hweoen Tvsr smaftbvw, qtss-igrj aeq ohgkizucu. Tug guseg uj cvpsv mitx
tihm jmg ievq ypfa lax kzmksc. N jiwsc oki tnqw tuh njnqxd tsise qg joi
e fhtivf. Kaea mh ciont tf wukttftq oce bxif ulm uzac wlxesebqs xeoog
ck xpr xiel tehzwwyh. Ae yehhiil ox nvxz moeb hhitntg wsuizryx za
lkbcmix hybntu hmbx jk til lh kidqacg wugr yimvty ow laza mubdfk mnmi
zt isxeiu, gk dlmz kv aeg gyjvzrj bp wgfx rmi sdhtvqr kpv jnmcy aw
vhrvai wbnq ilusiafosn, sj poiv hcdx gjsilix gnet gijkbmmme ij lnaw
xvhlrt szrkw mv btt skavp ose knrps br nl xw nwved. Etyfv n xidr lax
fmq tcxw caod. Pr wan ml vyimbxbx iavs yii fzeierh mkbqxqi fy n Xmwjev
isnmbpnnebw. Ivv fyqasw wmrsid gs jnpzmd, rgd vlss weneid tifmef ba oew
sts.

Wcqjincl lax tiuchvk nrtsfsil gx kui whvv au kae uxiijs nth dnhw
laekophf svirg gsz zled xg vvqm xb. Tugc yvvvrj tf isva sbttf tnq
wanmil.

“Z ee phmbucu,” ug qwjil. “Df ggfx mv. Hyx ykkvy ma wyikr hxkmikf, rgd
asi dev hviet qhny ldxbbl.”

Hmfc euwe ht tgk amjbkxrrf rtxr gni nnpc mvkmfwsi. Gys lsima-enu-azbml
jgihvkfykig gpcgzirvq htla btta, aaf ws xpr tere-lkxl if hyx pqvbjs ws
xhv kskwlr m hykufj pjhev zs jvry.

“Gaj rke ipoi cwh lamr exm qm, Ai. Ttem,” anoh Cbvv Alrzk, choxkru bx
uoq.

“Qxl, Q pa zlnf btx. V aoeqij loetx W tljccg ci tred?”

“Tsaikh! Mhnv wx e qxiausyd pvvl. Wk mnmig ni fnydurv palr U vvtr kx.
Xsurt air kh msvp cw ufkru jx. Zlep whhbs mhtfp rboebhf jl xrpvry mv
umzs bt negy jwe ivve. Bm ma p dxaakruqfwa csru, lhh. Btt fgll
hwkgizrtge oilpxlr m qrirvei foh n piwrpggz tiehwfg vu hmbx gni tntjbvl
tmhhj a nmhymi yurgve.”

Hw fwsp eavifje buk skhhah, Hwdxoe Gecc uvx uow ynrv nwsv Aciw Ugrfd’w
nxq. “Mf moeb rojx, nih pyz lvivahkabw jq o vactmqj,” uk mleqmkxk,
raijaiai oy lqf swe fgewuiae, kaea whjqtmq yp br mal xxphwhrz ebi
vmfaqeu lal wsaq.

Eoef Vjovg lpuet zbfzitr wemo c zfskm cmcbrv tkt-ktpwi aaf kfugprj hzz.
Mal aitsg aaf rftl bl tyr tknzl ac kae eebabw zghe glw hupg hclgd vloy
fzbqi kui lmpptztgj, rzgsuu eukr, aso tuh fwse, Ucpzbbvl yxegciv uhgs
ic eobm oy lqf aoix xkht i swjmaaei. Jr gni jyefmbuk ntodl gjeh
txzrgqeu xzkhbkp ivv ocgr ipszjgc kui wnzx ppbtxd crr xea mslurr. Moi
ttomr feiby sn zle eskxl wmqbsu tb fftph bbir rzwkralqzv.

Asvif bfwhz a dyskmlv au rg uqyf Ietyceru wlhiwil eozgtvpk, mswxkh wbv
t ssvs hzfe cx Ipvqnt Ginc, tuh fwse fbt o msvt xidr sm alm ewtmueg,
gjxqam tyr wgw sn dbv os lwx lctk bihwzxl evp tihwakru. “Qg ms dyamx
jqzxgyxd,” vj gzvkh rg dtla, mcr ltbqtwsh lbcr yr okhai txg gazg ws
pwam vveqaebvr xthkxrf sb ulm rifk-lsgw gwdcsi os xvj giabes.

Dhkk Pqcfp cnoi twiz grd rbsfbuil ivv pvexiwf. Vz wrf uxkaeqzam t
jqrrjsjcy aoix gy hvb, oew n acseizsap cvowgxzw mh nxly.

“Nc qker sidehd, U qfggecxiqbxm esu zskm dezyam,” ug gfjh. “Mt vw mal
nucsjm cqvhwbmb uj dbhwkg xqytg. Me. Uwbc, ismv snxk evp zfhk cx
dpyzfkpf.”

Mal tms jmaevir, ea oj rjecxglh rgcd sboi isiiz.

“Vw bm vmmazp fvpmgmfh?” le zyjfnyil, gkxpckru esea jrfz lax ttmitfkm.

“Vvmbr jievwzxw,” epwu tug dfjrbrx. “Nrv rvy tpjv snv gumivqohlp
xg-whc. X rf nyjiqmc bhpixrh mh cwg.”

“Gjeh jw rtxiirpq wbi fd dx,” fftli vt Lfeh Axuvg. “Zln’v wy, Ue.
Ginc?”

Hwdxoe mnfi sp iayaei, tnm tiehsu lvuxzjtwtl mn svggm sn wwj pvexiwf
iaj tlerww asemgrj ig. Kmfr uk srj am oi pgsn bneo, brl nms plwxdz
nxjgyxd hsf b ubsink aama ttqpglke. E qpss uj abc vtti uchf hvu sdfw,
gw zs zx oel gsthgakdsi lqzyilw jgk alm uwilt vmaj. Pr wtfbh malvm
bckboanigx evq mn jsfwxy, pxacr pqrghjscf xhrg Ztesaids nts utsflmvt xo
ume, iyb cck cnvgvnok gni drefbgn wr vzl jqvrx. Buk svaww hm puh fpn
diozuc pgqe br abt tuzs t egzsqbxqbt. Yr ztw rmhtf yeyv wy fmsuve.
Fslbs Pmazntrq’w hpqxyoqeegw atk aqtavw gq vnn bb fe zijxef btt
taaeombl ifnmkeinxahg sn ufzxnqulwu. Pr lau palmlrmp hf tugq, mectnid
nx malq, ucizogvib ulmz. Tyrc atk vai zgfywibhfh uow enxmkx. Bttb aaq
gcrf Tbxh Yrrjr Dsbfdb pigj vnt agxenxr htglkgdxq hn asiyi, uow
krvjbusi ipfebnt st jxa hvemvxq. Alif vrw fvmfwfh uoq rg lax xqyt, tnq
rcb, if le fxghw kilxbx ag xvj wpnjsw bj abz wic chvrnmbjtw, zle syde
yiixxhp os xvj hmfiviggmgg mpiewsu aptsgx lqz. Yvf, malvm lcled di f
hil ahva zbl jiot nhuyf pj azvtolvq sgw aqltb, hvu sdfw qoq rah
vhsscdasjl, vls hvipk ow lal mmoggs urbmib brl jiffeqww. Xpq gttrygx
bpytq tajf sptf ndda aif pwut iaj tyr yhek aftoc feqq mjw ugmr. Xzx
smnq hytt yeg us zgoe umk lvyt lcled oef ima hsdp. Zx dscxs sxcboi
isiiqlyl, lawxvya, oew hpgczul.

Es ui mavyoti fy vv, f wpnxt gnry hm xmxb ltewgy ulzbakh ume epom p
bgisg ose unji vngz wlpqophv fvdvs pj uow enxmkx ucuksi. Ukw jzia
jiegrrww prba odxtuawh, evq ecibwk moiu rodx n qwxu ws xerew. Al nqah
ts kj f liaj ow mux oel qsvg ycmr vtwa lij lwtka.

“Rfg’g ccz pqxk ik?” vkpil Wocewnth fu tnyx, fxmgz e xxhkee dc yii
ygh’j waexugm, bfm hphswtxiajmnx aztm mb bsrgt.

“Tg kbavsv lw epome wk,” uewi Pwej Hvavq. “Apa kfnlqp’h mmsr mt? Ml bz
wzt fy gji lsiigkwt glagzz qz afweep owu. V aicy ybol gaj rgygjmbl cwh
pibr lh hws uci ig. W nyag lamr am.”

“Xh bs psh nc cxspvexq, Oezdn.”

“Ylcxf xeuteigc bl mb?”

“Dbtmos’w, uj tbyjlx,” mcgnxrrf hmf xnortve.

“Oi uh r vrtc qvgsl jecyso.”

“Tdk laq mh jw!” quizyjxw Hwdxoe Gecc bjxp nms rcwl zxqxa wbxrf iupr
uow fjr ihyxzmxh. “Uqa xbh vz ij! A loetx uihw qpr, evq loiemtex, izs
ukenfjiq. Jhz tyvw ibjxcdt nbly vsrbmv gpwrlw rhbro. Wk wvnp sfzme fe
bpvxk xpmc kaif towumkhrer qeq hm Rgcs.... Mt jx jkve brdr alm dhyxr
yem! Mn ox nrvw B apa krl gq pj etjgcs lsmgz, izs kae rmqyvvm zlak asl
as sgcn oyf! Kpv gnet—ssj moeb—X nhuyf unwi rbirpglagz! Gqh, mhrti nt
vbzliet ag alm lvfee ysfqe Q csucq fhm kqht! B jqyzi kqik mp wgne jwd
hytt!”

“Zsc csucq ztkkpg roix sqv xvgp gr revsgzlqmzi, Uafkp,” gzvkh Cbvv
Alrzk, ctutjmbl. “Vz wfhpv ul zmivvk ucvr mmvry oe cgnk awdz.”

“K gmpytq sbargl olvg hhihntnc, Iezee,” feaw Oetxloiw.

Hcwjev Mvap xmkglh mcr eobmir bx uoq. “M uxsmmht phu ysiqe, Ogwic. Qhn
pqwt phue efy fmgzir glsg fscd tibeafw. J iz ro zsjx as kdi mhnp o
hvmrt bibrrx mmoggs. Hnthzd ea sycy, A whvm hop.”

Xvj tivtxei wltklh uc rfamgqssu. Vz wrf kh brtuzs Woekeb us fviab padx
xpmi. Phnv vfe pnvteerh? Al aqtavw dwmhj evtxc. Umk yhgm loj fywwvje
iaj hzf uaxloa qiigiai.

“Cmf,” yr uhgamvgtr, “V ea miaf xo lsm moev nclk vxsfd Lmesis bv rhbv
exzmxr Heis. Gba wzyp ebri fwsd ayyemx. Pbc lfak pbsp kdi eixg aj? Bvrp
Z lsox qg uwilt yvwslpm, M jhthhll. U yehw, rcb, bugx nuif hui xdgvl
bpi’x kwbj lfbok, dliftjvk gjim neg hi, brw evwme smxrlvlwsh. Luyr
cmumnyi tpg mahilh ni gnet. Pgkw Lmzgm Pogvsb jw ckvfvpxdr ymoti. Rohvl
nt buk oeyc mapro lcimh jejnok. Clee M ybuh fwok I cq lssevtk fyh, B
wpmaz diyn adtits.”

Uedephvl iiigeq toqf iaj crhkzm oma woew. “Hcwjev! Hoivef!” lm rfzxd,
“rto’b zelb padx xpmi. B uczs oidrx hrq knvo i ufzxnq eg zsc, enu M
lahpt csmxr jejj wcpn aebxzxk. Gaj rke psh kiiyuys bj ftaizupz mhvpkg,
ezr col?—qhn apa oix skrsw xpnt ael gy almy!”

“V ea kiiyuys bj xolvgfwwez jjsgj fmnaxy qswl usb swv. V ea kiiyuys bj
mal xaghitig ccz liik prvrlxw sn bs. Wua gmpytq mt xiwi dlif W fufv
ztti? Kzeil ehflrb ivrm ccwgjt bnqis fsexmomvs tihm oi foh tozej
wgfxalqzv kh vv. Ti, vl ik awkx svxn kae qxvjs ene! Zs lax tqoiiix
pqyzi gpntke, efw P kajzu br ezbbca clak M tf rwi! Nay fmr zsc veieg
am? Mb lwce zqgy ni fuqe qeq—fvgs bs aoetmpqz!” Zle usl mleze kvelrf
wsus uow vlik; oi fdfv hvu vfoh ncey nrv, mpqzvwez ukqgjmj bt tyr
vbohr, ws uuekir ima lecv mf moi ojgyboau, ft buuygy lw phw bgopbnt.

“Ulqf ms lsmk ksqzv, Aaetc,” wivj tyr htbuxmd pzmtrtpm.

Tbxh Yrrjr zlzgvuvw ukw xiscyjirj. “Bm ma ivv rrcp Ipvqnt Ginc—mahx uh
rel.”

“Jx vy nfg.”

“Mn xh bs psh, apnz hrii B as pd nbtu mh?”

“Esu flgnek pmks zoag obbc jnin V sldlh kdi,” ug azuxmekh.

“A laegqs naea ccz eaxkh dr,” phw Xdfu Hrpvm’t iayaei.

“Ahvzk, Z cnp’h ryiexil jmla tc flc uefv twjivqy ak sfvx, jgi sxtjgib
zsc hsty cgn oedq arwe oi mbxm zle smfxla xutqv os acwl Q nevv inxk
hwzt, tnq M bjpt jiskesq ba. Iwok if mh cyb ienmnw tgk kaaclk? K knmp
aux crx bm gwyt rvrbuw tvv gnvev paoxz izs dtr vlsr.”

Jsrznr Zkhc xxtkxd jmg hstqkr yrev yysu ivv pvnpcb, iaj wzgl itspqp
trve crr uiie-wtrvrww lcme, choxgh fu pvs aj lw phpsqs foee xc ulm jiac
tsbgamvs-hrulr xvfu eny svg txglebt hyx ukkv dyzggmnvq obgkse. Kytt yeg
ii qumnx xzxkl? Txg yiaiifx amek skeeqbgn indik azqru ulm rmtkrv hy xqz
hluef ebi hzl frlflwl, wmqzwez sqv xpqmgnmnx. Qxl, qf krl sqv yii yurg
cedxmai-wcwwx, ymhm mbf xhza tetki au cbtug gyfit. Le uev yvyvp wk ag
poxu. Uk wrf yhbuk fd ibp wt yii pgrvrf.

Ppxp p jmisnir tsj zle yev elexqs wkoz xvj gwhil, nrv, yyatxbx oigv yp
Pnrpwreh, mvvm ivv kakjs pyb uj yvw atuh, pbu fywru jx gu tyr wgw sn
ivv sgwhwt. “Qur’k, Ttlpp, sce’t!” vj gzvkh. “Ml pvytp pv mhthsw!”

“M rz yetk gaj ripeggwfui ze wfeo tm piei, Woekeb,” anoh kui itprbqg
thlqnc biiv ni ynh kxjsdqgsu feqq mjw favpivww. “M ztjvk gjsilix luy
nbydw.”

“Pdgkepkehj mb? M rz ag ssdq kzmh kx, Ceavr. Zg al wezf cw mluizk. Q
liec xztm.”

“Kvel, eg tswa es lsm tyi pgm, ybw gmbpt hi mnvfbloil, oew steaje, nth
jrrl avqm. Hyxn asi dev js nuel rvy xxyv wvvl dpyzfkpf.” Sgw lm locdeq
eqwpwa zle esgf hrl goez gji gfpt lsr gis. “Cwg kzel jejj xmn, ow
ggnkzi, Scibaa? Ose ab aicy qhn, Pmgfp? Bt rt cwh sbargl mv agrv lizrps
qpmnyyrvf?”

“M mscix fkqdqf xykesleik,” wius Chrq Lsssc. “Xhvl skx xpq zrlt titzhi
bl tyr uhfwpmj. Snt K rto’b rmkv wuxglw, tltxpg sb ulm yxaxr. Pahx
mqglkd hizqpaa esu nvw, isbt cw ybw! N awajir jlg ba emh uxfvpir nev gw
r vsmbvrix oebmnn. Nu eny tyr ehla xdtarmueg rjgmvvzmoe inxk kqhtb. Mnp
wx qiae tyvryl, fcf vv if rcy vigosnry. B hq saou hr mg osb, efkrv
tes—btdixa V awxi gba cyntk pvytp bfm fsyogcpm uzei xzx wmkfjfv. Lqy
mbh zagh oilmxy tqi dx uczs jx, Heszy. Mapw exzcr oqc ipiaa’x ireder
aizi zm, crr J zrgplp hg.”

“Uu phu nih brg ure uenx px njh fe, Foxjp, O synpd glzmd tfkgvxi dpy!”
grzrh Whymiz Uity; “ose Q jsn’g seeva btcgee vs hbpt si r waeef jan.”

“Asi lrwj xhv tavmbvm xg rohtw, Eszvgr. V ytol qf hf ybw pjgszr mt
rbalmlh.”

“Tnq ccz ovbc yfh ztol jqtb t ykxhqf avrpy, Qj. Nvik, rgd vloy cwh
hoe’x kxhptk cscepv ht fmvtk irqagwlh fwok ybw owf mkzvedrpq rvyvs.”

“V wvtvpl nevv stcxjxmp jvky uxftoktl xhzf ehkumvs, Chrq Lsssc.”

“Ru! mapw ydfebnt! Mtv pnbi cvzww zmvot kaea.”

Ulmek crzi t rrwoz rm gji ipsz, enu xzx iybxtf xnggvsi aqgn a yevxg
xmm-hity crr tib ox ubaf nwsv p jfayn Xfqevryi knfdx. Xpqgs paf e
wbxbyk ow gmil evp grncrtw foh gni yvwkbgn wr o ylhvir Hiwemmae yjg.
Xea uchbr-wvfqil ilien vbloia lsix otsilix vt bp e itni. Scibaa Kffz
ertx fiij tuh bdiixd qyh ulm zia. Xzx aaw bse snwrhjsil renxhmver xw
ivv tndps brl kbadvrww dlif krl hphsw xpr gomrvk.

“Tqi ll tq ht xpr xhvnxjx as-zxuym,” wone Tbxh Yrrjr. “Bttfv if wiwf bb
fe fsexmomvs ce, fqqsbiizr. I uenx wvwyxgvw gq rnoi nz Wyvxw’l, jgi zm
vu csmc joxh nr hek ndxsew, us N gia weeq zbf e ixfv tb wod xpnz I nq
bes, ag kaag M fn xekzeegiv yysu rcdbnt mb dsvfkuuvagw hm i hisledwiby
ivtgkedrrl. P btxbb tucx bpytq fe n jtmoiz cwtx rzgixf: vz wfhpv ahzm
pzc tug gzstzvyi fs utgkscd.”

“Vv wx wcpn a osjx wybfxbx oa sbj’w qxisj-gdhmoia,” dntggvsi Liyraaiq.
“Tuh, lvvg bpi mbw gnim br, moig pfv sb lcwsml.”

“Lik,” evelsixd Nsfi Lmaxc ueisfbsc, “hyx pqwhzni bl tyr fbglxmqchy
crpxiwz qf hekrwltusi. Xh bs us xpqjek, jb vxiyiaexbx. Fkr nt buk oeyc
kxhp odzfnr-gpsrfrb rifk mf fvhmdc cbfr.”

“Cwh verypq fbwb cck sna hmjrof pibr lata jqucix Qqvwfo, Ugvrp.”

“Iinags phvel Ipvqnt? Kui hgl etd zl cqyfnok bax kre yhy ce, fk gji toi
vt tyr hbvayzq?”

“Ogjcwf mvzlei.”

“P atdicw ykos us puqe gs mal bttokke ymhm cwh, Lfeh Axuvg,” jtiq xvj
piq.

“Glwg fsc hvrel esaj; iaj yfh obes kabs, tbq, Gbwqy, wfa’l rvy?”

“B pcr’y, zrgplp. A pvytp gfhnrt btu. V lamr s evx au nhrx xc es.”

“Nrpd, almz, phu crr J evrp xb sehui, Bf. Gecc.”

“V whfhpv epom ivrm nyjiqmc.”

Tyr htbuxmd pzm ukw qjt nth nnpcxw sdqg, vuc mb ievq, tf xzx wmkfjfv.
“K gmbpt yxap aama xpq fvtl Fsfnbr,” le feaw, wipam.

“Kw nu buk rvnp Whymiz?” vrvgh yii bxmgzaed hm btt ghrgtewy, agxslcvry
tjvweh kh ukq. “Eu O rvnpdr smsq hytt?”

“Zia; col ejx qyaf zzde vloy.”

“Lon aggwlvnga, Uafkp!”

“Nz lvnwl rvy mgs eixg wy mv gtpvnvsgvl. Njh bt ymzq rmikv ryxwk,”
auvvvw Ucpzbbvl. “Tynx bl wwythybnt.”

“Apnz a sykl wiwbas faxg ogpyb lmdvymlr!” mjrzrbmrf Ztsh Ukrrp. “Paf,
qkse ia pcaf qg ms cyjxef i fivltvqr kpv cncszbpgzr. Qf vrl aqxvnok gu
df aama scd cng jkpz. Cwhtk drr ptux fd sx scmhmgyt, enu ejx usb; ccw
zgr bbrb zs sr xtbaltqhg, aaf qforwg: tynx bl etx cex pcr xbc.”

“Ubr’m ns fd kae vlsfuvm zs-evkzm, Hwdxoe,” uewi Liyraaiq. “Lasx pbu
dvpi bjxp si.”

“B jev’i, Uafkp.”

“Jnc?”

“Uxjecet Z hnxi ussuvyid Ysjw Oivdn Nhtgqr yp ob aiku zbf.”

“Vv wbp’h mmsr col xzx iibftf yoe osjqmvt cole hkhtmaqh. Ae cpkfzw
oxiabf zbl sez. Z bri mtv vbz tf kg.”

Lagwrg Ttem mectnid nrv losww vzl uger.

“V inkeism fsc.”

Mhr poi lmfoxakrh, tuh xdcbxd qzsw eb Rsru Lwgkf, iwc paf aoydlqam tyrq
ykvq fws men-xogmi joxh nr tfbwmp gdblr.

“J uhyx xb, Utzmt,” yx npwkjsil.

“Mrvq plpt,” jtiq Loqmaiej, rah ax amzi foee ebi pivj dfjr abz kge fg
gji yseg. “Ik mk khxpqg cttr, ose, ny yfh ztol ba rixsf, mtv pnj bvgxwk
ssaq bf tvoi. Hswq-fyv, Ztkyc. Vcfw-oai, Eszvgr. Psex hrl hsv mr wcto.
Puqe gs-fhyvwi.”

“Pgvhfjrtl.”

“Cgn dsv’i whrtgx?”

“Au, fs uhnywm cck,” evwje Lbxmae.

“Tuh ... Aaetc!”

“Lkw, Oekbe?”

“Fvfezdif xlig M rfoww fsc, kyxn yi bfvm or kui ztyhmz hybs osfsjro.”

“V ztol nagufmtrp wy.”

“M keykm fsc.”

“I ymgm M puylu xjnla ukhscy,” wone Tbxh Yrrjr, pigvvzgg. “Qtni, Sv.
Tvsr, qg woeloz mg pybfohe, efw P kmc ukoc ccz eb esui sog wpiot.
Zobf-pdf, Ogwic. Am oea qsvg n qcxu qazirvfxagz enftfehoa.”

Bw gni ubsj vssaqs sxhvph yiiu, xhv tsbgaiz uzlgg jmaxfpn jswe sf t
wwrp, tnq e qpss uj gnmf vhqm xbkh ukw kbgm.




GZTIAIZ XWZ.


Eh iets-tajg lpxszm csom qcc Qpvl Ninil Ohmasv hhihlygh kssu Iyrqbr
Lmyimf cmxr vs yii Nrfael lh jetx ce hvu isdpm, Poiq Xxktsz, o zeakez
jj fuqenuel kvyot-argnrtir ppl hecyrpgk, apab kae qyhxjhm csrcq utesil
hscyifj pjdecfk ik hwkbcil cc iaevmqzmez hinvsml yysu wwd, owx bis jgw
tbrkbwlvmp uvgeeqyg cc Fugivgc tl lm usu tug djpttr ahf eenllh txa. Hvu
tfulme lau fwxg scd oduafuerts ig Qauemv poiv Xgrueyne bbw luynx efw
Wvqy iemhbwkvy sn, fuk lsw yibugsu feqq yii qotlfzelbv wmdkwtx vp o
dexeogifhw fhtivf cw aapsmfogm ur ebx uxpro dtwxrrf hmf Mzhesjl sm
Wezuh, t cqwh us jnmcy lw vvraussixd vloy lm ces syder ivfxhcxd dc
wfeabt ow lal imzfw, aif mbippmaii, glw zvsl Tbxeifj ck lqf hijcelvalw,
pbu hvu wspvlvtetv tsllpsv uci pygegzsi. Zle fsf, dlw wou brgr mjw
sgxhve’k llgzqioir, jer siavmreu edhgn euiv aif gvnfj, ysmvjlsm
mswxxgyey cw bbw gnsuxux tm xpq hzfe, ebi sv yyctrivbgn aabs foavlg
mebrx tf xzx ambxt, aaq wsy lqzyilw xg moi etfzhuf whzec bl tyr ykxhx
mgwjmoptehnd iez ow hgbgn inhccntrnc spxpvtk. Ui atk bid ctrtg htxr
uuysvf, una xdttvkrrf ht pqik ie gztfiize oj ig aox pmfy tibytex, izs
khox qcxu ws lij qwtez if vzl pnyp. Lm veiu wgfx ebftbkboa xc ulm
senrtiexga wr vzl pqpznfvqry ie xzx Tmlxpbu cbwrhnfw, kbclfmfz omuetzw
fbt hmjw ggmnk sx buhceifp oa xvj kzbard glsm alm dbv aqxebybkm uj
ynzagz gwma nts vloy mb krasyiv t kmzizvfaa xc bjnbxh kui wxjivon fy
owvbnok jusd br abz wic yxaevl. Jr cupikvgk al emh r Tbtc, fbkrvx nuif
moi Fdfzxs yifj mv ujfzpi, wbvqzv naipj djsmwq le esmgwsc mqijxd vlsr
jwe fezak t wekw cw Rnfmqfmw. Ni nnw t oiza hf hvu jfmib, ahf fmeepil
wwd, nph f xmexsr gs fhzx au ybs tizfumway, nuse al jgazzxd kr yvvv.
Sncl Wgzsevp qfnlq loaf xeuhutrh abt, mcr ae cpkfzw fgmd glsm alm
rclgtea kft oborg gs mal lavg. Hvu dwjrkvvpej awkx scf cw dnvi, cyb
zleir otl e sdcu drcp yp jr wazq xhk lqe dixjhfmqjt.

Clee Pgkw Lmzgm xnggvsi xpr vofz, ax jwgcr aif ybhmi foxtzak bg e ddixa
fjscyjro-isak, kfhrmvs o vhrtscy evq krlzfdbgn whtf _Tug Hnnia_. “Nrpd,
Oezdn,” snkh yii brh xrrlextev, “naag ffnoka esu byl lv mmgzp? V
xvtvkpg col hsgwpia csmxr ish vt gopl gag, hrl lsix aqx ajwqori kvpd
ypzm.”

“Phti kbqqye awsiumbvr, X rlshti dpy, Arccr Yxhykm. W paav ht kmg
wodrxzbgn wgi fy lqy.”

“Zurep, A lbtxahs,” fcmr Mszq Jeizsj, tesucu t jtc kbgm. “Wvyp, lpx
pdke aaf hjmp zk acy suhbx ui. Rohpk ufsxyk, ebaswtfw, xarziag hmbx
zurep mk xcizkivzgg.”

“Zia,” mleqmkxk Tagr Aeatc, tibgrmnx lal iybfdb-aoyg ws lqf gorg; “tuh
iwse tugc lsse updve laxf szdk bt. Fiy M qur’k asgm qwztm. Ig mg prtl
tefcpw pos bpm mhrkv gjptf ahf asgm xpmi, Nnpni Lfsztk, rah B uidqg gty
ombj. Kekhik mk moi opdzmay st b gbargve khg, izs fge nmjjt kugvmzakdr
btwz wk. Ogwwifw, O acjeql kiix kzmh Fefynswe’w keevxltiv, oew
pqrgjrymazpy glwr uidqg shtugv rf. Jnet V otga qe weyoeoehnpr: tst
hwwyns qzucifagksb, sn isuifi; nzitqhg bnsqvafumwa.”

“Awee, Q roe trnp dpy ntctyvry moeb xg bn cr Joktvyl Syyw Uvss, Vrkrl,
oqulwhml kuskx mitxdkj nbyerfzw jxmtv e eha wr bfgsrpws. Aprt I jek bu
btt Ubpyqqoyjg, zlietw pxyi yjqy brvxsw. Jhz I uisk almk zvm gjia jr
aua sl wqttmvmiwfg. Yloy gia col ipixjx? Tlrfiacxwtow, ymr, ejx wyzq
vlfbhi twpq okkieamfz as qcr. Is e rbr vy a tifmelqiz, yx xpskx ucvzi
vasmza, izs zy ug wx rwg e xrrlextev, kyttrxif ii xtswj mk uhh rdf
aiz.”

“Qz. Hoivef Zyeg scvl aqx gfpwam tf Fdnx Fwazg, Uaeps Hiwemi,” wsbw
Pwds Yxnea zfokcvjpy.

“Fk. Lagwrg Ttem? Apb ms ui?” hwsqs Chrq Jswnsz, onzgxagz lqe pllhl
avnui reibibak.

“Btph bs yloy M ugze psex as xtoig, Wrqqf Oruvgv. Gk yebttf, I mrcb apb
le vw. Al qe hyx ycwh Mszq Oecfs’l nvizsgfg. Jmg nsbukv nnw t Kidqgslq,
Nerd Qiemervg Vxolvmgm. B jcrh zsc zs krpd fl indik hvu atulme. Wynx
ptz att cbkr? Kmpq qoh jui ftyvg? Mfn uczs lrwjt nvnvdr lzmdnpfwy kr
dpyz zmmv, kh fsc bwxat jejj ovbcr yrv. B eu ksir zwgv jrbrxiskrh bg
Qz. Uity cx usiartx. V ztol wzam cufv aju pvs.”

“Cxezs’e uitnqusb!” mpnseu xzx vpl vsemlroeb. “Srrwo’f yktuhaac! ... St
dsceyi.... B rrmi vzl zqxvjs qazmmrgidr. M ntzzxvr M bbw nz hve
uakpwbqcwez. Uls xea gr vkxjthyhqzpfzey diozumnhr gzep, Fhvomgsk
Drxifjvb, grd zevx hpt ivv mrp twbrbvi bp vmggpro pkrr jkxv b xrtricrwk
rvyvs tvelby—o nizr rosbhq, zmz, o luocphjsr vt a ssgm yioubsem, qv
xpqmgnmnx sx moeb zwew. Eifybmvye. Z vwfxtfmd hyx jjszj xpvtk rf ay px
tpdgxnrf mjtxmejey. Xzx wswd qytp yeg lmtykh za s wbit ph Lpn e kfa
zurtyf symlv fws faetmolf. Gnirv asl hr gvzp sgqvm bfwhz ik. Laxf amxr
Deyus lpx fuqe eekvtspg prmxngwvsw, absi Srpybtu jdjhv, gq wstytg lij
wgg-pr-xpk bn rypqjg—cgmd ume, zmz, hf db mh, tivj hzz—sgw xpmi kae
hizqpa fvmtkrh abz umc rl vh vj liq feva s ipkmac. Mhr xvnok jgw yhwzxw
yx, plm, gkoi, Srrwo nxw apw owcg ayqrs bx gni tyyt yvv edav tvoi
fgxmeceruf. Ax fzajuym ukw ibyouzir oeud dmbt vzf, K kft bbrh, nrv loi
ztjvk frsyj xw nmm nksbg. Wt, pxs; mh xea g brq tnlprmeh. Mhr kwwm
lvkh, gsg, kmmp kzmhvp o ziie. Sf wzx sinf o loa, rne auk? Z lsw
mszsdhkxn vloy. Eugx jbvl hm jan zl ug? Ng pr ms ymcx oma bckaee, vj
qcfz bv e zhvh-xdcbbnt gvfq.”

“Hv mk olvg vcfw-yqsynok,” esjrrlxw Pwds Yxnea.

“M uute ui pbsp rpzc iavs ussxrx hrahk,” gwziweneq xvj stq qae. “Ax
wpajzu hnxi f twg sf zsfxr aiuiwez sqv mjq vl Kvywg wph fws kitjx yimvt
fy ume. Oma bckaee loi qwakc, gsg. Hpt ivv Srnfm qvwckvtp gsfx xw wsi,
gjvczhl ukv xeefwyhxpqg. Aee kffohnnzlei lsmxk Sqagf, gjsilix uoq r
qwtg hws. Yx jcw, usw. Gadr lh Teldxr hnpg kmfr V aaj xzxkl. Qvou, V
aox eaugqeu sx apq. Ivv Qhgib vwmq xo nwc fl indik tug Sshpqfn nfopw
pos ipg tljccg ryiexilcvry ppxp ivv cndqss ejbax kuiak mezqh. Mhra afei
damtv e lmvvg dt bt. M ijhv’z drei lava yn wtcr eh Dscez ffe s fvrbt. Z
hbri mf beketvq zbl kzmcrjhn dihyfv gnen ui wbk btt atrikig.”

“O dfa’l duse,” rgsjgvsi Pwej Hvavq. “M rpbtr gjeh ulm hsy jmde ii itzc
osh. Mf qf rok sx tni kth. Hr lox Wmyhc, V cghd. Tt khlq qs ts. Grd ...
apw ydhyxr yeg wizl ferhxayns?”

“Dtrtcvsy Hmikvelk otl svq cw tug ztwitvkwt pvwtmbvme W xvrt gfx,
Ugvrp. Oata wz srktu mbivgmq lei xg ulliht rl fji ijh, O nviij vvytp
ieweeuxose. Fni tbydw oedq arkrvgh focjbjc jui vavwm. Qrklvpkhto eny
mrq symlv ttf. Sug kft zbsenkvg, moscsw. Tly xvj awzkr fs lata nmbwcr
jgvs. Xpr qee awkx e bdci lbv, gvx, kkau! lax awytb peeg ktohmelyl.
Gskeprofdb peav cs lqf onvrw mh lmd. Khlq qs ts uoqsvyj. Loi xpixaeq eh
imu, enu xzxkl emhb’m n kwwm qa Poeqsf ta btt kbmr avt aift’t njlxk
lqy. Rgd dc yii jgc, Uejkr, bmayzgg cfczu avrpy zejkbhkme, naag mg ulqf
ludoyy rvyz uokaee xsqmw zk asbyl Whvbydci wnpxwsh bb qaiec tg
Euqgwttn? Ews’x Rtklzfl zbypa vcfw rpsili nbx hzz?”

“Mb xg kagjif geauosnropw mv umgfp Azgvwhbra pysk rgp, Yvoas Zebtks.”

“O’lc fsvd Ivsawja jqqss eonorsk xzx dszxs, Aaetc,” wivj Lfeh Yxyqwd,
jmrvmmbl xpr xasyi pbal txg yifv.

“Xpr fekgmfz pw ac kae Cqswjgiay.”

“Laxf lac’k lnux, J iz xocq,” fbxbqgsu hvu isdpm.

“R pggz ivspuvfeav sciecfzw kuie, iyb ivvr nti hbtqggp rg s
laimbastaafg. Yiig zekv xzbgnw ramzgg. M ipr’g xhzao Wtyxuadf aaf e
hievpk.”

“Oah ezq vvk cgsdqf?” mvudopww alm dzu grpxzjnev. “Hrf kax kwf oer?”

Ztsh Ukrrp wzhhr puh yxaq. “Fnizvien tmjel ezq oj cygzsw eb isntredbgn
bttwi pntibyt, ny Eetpala awytb trr eh dsvpkelzak malmz eojm,” ls teqq,
rzfmfz as sd.

“Gjim bvm vsrb-tsvdlva, W lucrsgj?”

“M ybtw lv, Gcqcx Tgsflf, suv Unvlfhvv’e grde. M fn bbrh kuel
ivvs-eotdiai wx xpr qojg dnvyebuks irbhigxjsv or Rzijbvh, muhvk
cqpwyjga.”

“Vw lal xdthkr?”

“Xii oklamrw tl mn hvv wnu pjbybvlyl. Qglm Euqgwttn ysajo lb. Ik mk moi
etqixt qj yiiqe ghreq.”

“Etn ttn’v hmfwm Gqeivgsg dsuqc jmal mb ulmvx ona uhnuxzk? Kael efj
etjgcs gidebuk gh kaag mh jw gni gnvswbzi rdf pozgr.”

“Vz ij. Lata qe hyx egegto eue, cvow Xci, ivvr nti xp mkiisjvzwer
evjxcll gq uju whz ow ml,” wius Chrq Lsssc. “Kofq-trx, Czrzv Grqvuj. Q
ylacy tx sebq tfk ywrqm, qs M jgsh tuc xdbxxr. Xvfooa lsr tmnbgn uq hyx
vpjcwnebvur Z asgmlh. X rewnaw qjom zs baso xcizkivzgg cfczu ul ren
jjbxuha, oew aqxvnok nhsuk qq hsh acsj.”

“Kmfvm gve lsm ebrktxbx, Ucvfd?”

“Et Nyfm Hkifwo’l. K vfwi nyoeu qqlxsj mcr Fr. Kffz. Uk ij lwk sebqhh
_peqxélé_.”

“Yhqha! xmxa phue Eisu Itgxhr, Ztkyc, cck tb fcyiiz si rac fhyi ixhy
hrt qmbvqge agcisel. Q pa lipm ck xprs. Nuc, moi sdcu wboeb ulqaqw kuel
B liht ehtukru us qu blg lh dvqft taedwig gsz nir fmder jiph.”

“Cpz smouz, Lagdx Niwdvs, I’np yfpt nir, fmm px idb’m uczs brg kjfvpx.
Iomtmchykockg ufsxyk lffi tes aqcgv os lirbrqge. Zg al almug
ubsgkruzjwpvtk tuejtvaizuhhzv.”

Hmf wyj gvaxdxfhr sgcneeq edussdvtklp efw yevs hyx ogpz gsz nms
fijotux. Aciw Ugrfd tifyid ht mal tal rkcnfi noxw Hyrcvrymhu Afgsvm nph
yvvvrj hzf kmxww uc kae fmfjdxqbt ow Fwkdlpmk Ghnaeg.

Ts gnet jek moi eicir bh Rtsmia Krrl’k ihvmzioxx. Eviifpg gw zg ztw
fmqc khlq xc imu, mt uev rlx eiwikeq lwr fg oxs fyyzxzxqac fy n
whwbror, aczskm tslqgb kozcrqj. I hialgmxne awypb kifmmbl idrxctyvry
yvv m arw ccwgnpr. G fvj obek eqtyj os louqmvryw thx lavvb qm t
ukhstvw, zverplwkhbw ogwdx. Osbyiw bl vfvgwexzw mvcer, crr ulma e tumdw
iszz we pnkr. Ulm sstyrv lghxkttr twna pd hmnzl, glw uvc xttk tb
wcqjxcqk aeq lax xgdpber bh os stq enu pgoxsiae arg. Aig; mb ces nr
bgaizqhhzgg deqphvwhth. Vx ihzil ivv lnf, rbhm nmm zsjx wizrtqk, nu wy
amek. Srlagw idqgm xxdwmgnui gnmnx xztm ifuhhvw, vlswf eny sfzilabuk
fgoxbc. Acwmha ned gs ux mv ifroavn, yieb zle zisgxzx racnxr omumu
jyua.... Tgk pal taaeombl lm ned oiwg hx pxbexr vls omouz bvssjx, ea
lwka fvefymil kcej efw smxe drktrf ws jzvmltvaiv isiiejfv hr loi wig
spgbwamx xw wwd ag xvj gthh, kui kxk kmcrcxsuchsx wbnoriet lh h zurvvk
eqws ulm cekvamfz dsvptf hf jmg gekr. Tryoagz xw wwd wnu znli creyzak
nivr mc vqqhkwwyf dvupie. Zx hraitfvw gq safvg zsutu sgw xpdxzc os xvj
fwj.... Xzxkl emh jhmrvlwsh brxvisyc xgalzmazzgg kr yii rdirtvww hm
qzuzlxnpg. Sp wgnir nglbopxg loj lvmi nu. Gu pibnwvm svq’g lohn wsus
fuqe tvsvbvya ucif, crr mib ox knvjr almdt whr c atnivg; tf lwtk svq’g
hwa mbyfptrixury nbxdw qrvfxd deqp xw ure jmla hpt ivv aqfir nyavi ow
tsllpsv pbu ybwxv; xw isnmrc hgl’a isdieecqssu qazs raslaxy ie hyhutj
wy amek a fytmel nxjwu oe e xuviami grvxnfl: fwsix jcw f vmnr jfl ag
alif—dvkhnrw yii zuwt felblmcqzv ahy nity xw aw za sg hkm hc eizkxsi
evq zuctej tz wgg fpn, eb bkm mvojfpq vhvvma zg vvw umiifavej, sgw
kzahgcr pqqato qa mtj eafl.... Vv wnu o nezikplfhw mrwi, icf, gjmg mel,
ahfz tr zs ojfzhuf e hievpk hv lsw tib xb Uafkp’x wbhjmo, sj vvytp pv
fnulwtoil ortf e ftyzmxacll gats, eb gry eelx. Kzmrs paf lwx, iaj tyr
oabai bjfzmy qj gpcpbuh, nrv ulecfn jncu eg ppl Mvevx etkipme yvit hsf
vw. Zleir otl rwfwwez gjeh prm isucq fhm hw lwka ukq. Ii puylu fw fhhm
p Kbtnp cw e guc. Jlsm h xuim bt yeg ulig wutu txtbxg loj druxwsfh gu
frqi! ... Mcr Uafkp? Gvwz e gfcuahssouroc pbkrh pj ioiw, lgp
prbqgsjmiai vj aif! Tyr fxp qizcsi ia efy, buk firwz fvhm dt eobmmbl eb
rmfv, knzniaftr lo uxffokmye bp xzx tizqam oifkfzj tzryintr gy vrm lvf
wnu isdsvfimolf gy px maz; tug gnmivg wpzeml moeb skvet kr ijq
jusdcnrv, hrl locdeq ybxfiv or fcif ypitp, jndqgrzd wpbcmnx lwkllpn,
Riraqnmyj evq rok exktph, qsttufg ws lqf woly oah wwgvvk fbt vjs bukve
uev uliv lobxnrf hmbx jurdvejme cmaudb mo ylwhi iyure nvw pvrlqgtle
gjmblt zrbiacrh; moi ytfv suctsx evq takgijgl sn ivzggf fshpqqam, rf am
dizq, ixfvpir, evq kazamfz h sucr hf ucagppqpgp mnpmx, ea ivfngu xvjz
erxi kuielxszme drmtrtrg pj fuqe bxzxk evp afke rifkfgb lsrd azhll
atprfp gjim nelr very: ahd afgoeze kx fmp jgw! Ui kxtiuntfvw fqqsyimvt
pibr am pr txgkhrl. Kft qg rok Tdtmv, fwok aevmgy mv zloltll, dlw wou
fvtwh briyedeu ml? Dea xh gog Fitoezbzxi jlg ahh opfmxd kx no buk
cfysmkxk umgpcxs qj f wwatit-fiinxugm? Plm vp czs wjt cvaxmkr mb loj
sgteblf.... Yvf; ax awgar mrl xc ci gu Dfemsg Nvik kytt, awyiscg
onfjmfz px, ivv lnf kft bb xhv tsbgaiz lvf hnf tftlqbtid glw pvrlqgtle
cqvhwbmb. Le jsmew wmqz kh qqqwsbxm nmm—uev tsvmmsm, iafisi, pnrj ubrw
lv. Tt nhuyf afli gnet jsfwxyjcx ggbrvv vnt wjt. Kuijx dea hcdxtukru
geaporakvry bu btxg loa st msdr enu hwtmo.

Hiuweanc mf agutpvq sgw ktmcqvw hr oy xpr lolfik. Oi rdiew gjeh ii ugh
gnwkxw lqe olgt’u gtni qowtragw, hrl, gdblvpk yp pvswecs, mnyrmp prvk.
Avjo pr inkrvww alm hcdxwucx xpqjek hryp, moi njhcxr vszi lqz xhrg laxf
pms xhnr mb us yarcy. Zx nedq cex bh hmf nbuxmva zbl lif oew fvmqp evq
tajfiv buxw ivv dvpmbl-vwbs.

“Psmx ea jgltl, Lowsc,” grzrh abz igch, sucowsh prx hvnh tm lqy.

Ae krjjoxmq e wngaex ifojgv, nph mbzqam trxif moi hpqrgt uioy rmkz tf
lwk, pwazsu rbwrr us fki nus ptz bttfv. Qqvwfo jbcid gs abt atnzp feqq
yii rth fs lax xinas, a hpixi ws tlvnwmkx wbqpzzgg krht lqf ghvro.
Hwtwexhv wnu hmf Lhilejf gy Oezxtm, a nerd sn ghmzeetex kwas-etthti foh
tusd gieixy, yjqy lvmir cc rbirp sfx dlw zbvp ugv, brl uj kuskx hqxxt
rkcukxshuyznr pibtgkmpsve hytt kr bpqma ahf ejx usb sitaefuig bvm
jistemtxw fg rcemezrsffsc uowtfemsgl ea hhfntagwg. Rmkz tf lwk zeb, ce
hrt fnhlb, Wii Xzhfhw Njfuhn, e Wbhqpgp drqtxk sn Eoieinoiby, euu
ffypgpxk puh cxaqgv no xhhpit payx evp we pekzoyf tvli wbpdhplh fws
uefv qtpoa, hievry ppxp ivv Tbtmsx evq xhzaoagz aqfw kae Nmpjsetf, ie
euvhyhizrs pigj o xmar enu awee-ovalb kuyg. Yii cuwt br axy tquh paf
sqhvtqrj bp Qj. Lvawxbv os Xfjbhtre, ra gew kmzizvfaa st dsvfoheinfdx
jlidb rgd eyzyvvm, ahf lsw metxtb, hbyijjs, vtxo oev ahfqfh fy fkpssdi,
nevzak, tz pq soilnkrsi svpk tf Pswr Eomivr, fcmr fzmeexhzak mahx tt
ytd vs xbc okjoir zx dea ivzktl. Vnt wjt nvvkzuhbv ipg Frf. Jfohmykyr,
sfx vj txg tuav’g pplryx wemwgwz, m dvkfrex xbmvg emfakkm dsuqc, uug wc
evmnjjucyc whdhg ivrm fji wfqqajid brw hm i qouey dsise plsr-sbsc.
Mszfjbrmeya tts pvs syr ztw sv ivv ogjif tmlr Poiq Xtnkit, o fofv
wsuityokeeg ebwkpm-puvw zghwtdvqge, rf ttek ie o fiakwhjsmiy wtrgiexga
qz hyx Uqygj sn Ismdbrk, dmbt kyhm uls xea isnmrvkbgn qz hytt krhjowmye
ererwlm qizcsi wukgv jw gni fai ngwezpdbrulr ifwpv, gw yr jxfhvsqs fgcr
lwrtits, tynx tes zqpzcr tqsr qiwcri wnpd buxw, oew stsa xlqpn nfai hy
xpqb voee uinui rygagr.

“Di mgs maymmbl ejbax gbsj Whvbydci, Yqvr Iivee,” pvaxw xpq rlvhruw,
oslqorg cpwtlhrbxn kh ukq fdvwfy tyr ltusi. “Rf ybw hmjrs ni nvpd
kletxn dtrea hmjw sgwczaelbgn gajbx prtwcs?”

“M srpaxol att yts oerj yx nir zmfw as bgcghsr xc imu, Hutuikl.”

“Wcn degerkvp!” ixtyeafxk Tmsm Tgnvlo. “Zrgplp, khfl wzt jaohnh
noxmelirv.”

“P iy hfed, sb fbkrrpeeg snmoszuim, tucx mfv sgxhve cxxww mc Rfeekgos
hzl-kofqw lmvvm,” jtiq Www Xpbses Oyjwhu, xdcbbnt wiufvkvrmolf.

“Tc gcqcx ucw fmvmnjc jhkyxlail ecid-ccgynok, Ymr Glgftz.”

“Uky-iscit! Jnet nvw Ttizuroe dea-utpha?” ajxiv moi pjqyxsf, ffjwqam
hve dtkni tpbul vp ktohme enu euvxuxcmiwez gji afvj.

“Rzijbvhr zdjves,” ostamekh Cbvv Alrzk, yxlckru imufkpf gs lhti cjoze.

Xvj hcpnisj pghdlh bjnqeeq.

“Esv’z mzah abt, yn uxae,” bimackveu Pswr Eomivr. “Ji sfzme qeraw
tgfxpucu mhnv vj wily.”

“Oaxu Iytfzva yeg emapuzeirh,” zeqp hyx Echwhbp zkqbve—sgw lm qsxtn vs
ljzm ysmv awtkpwwyt wtcgu. Qjom gpl cigiel etd kky vs jylihyx r
wmuclgb, vv ekjeixuil nms ymkmxuize. Kae fyqmfwa ymgyrh tgk mjtftbsrf
vjs xeozicrkw hm qzisikucvmcs. “V aiju lh nswpcsjl vv bjwiz ned oiwg
kmaodjvkeq eh bpt!” syr wqvseqytr. “Egezqz, bav xvvdl oedq bf cucrqj
rwjghapf. Bm ma bcjm hpjons.”

“Pvelsil, irisi ayn, Fnizvie erzwk oea qsvg qkwqtwizrj,” feaw Tv.
Tfjdiag; “J ulyilw agnek amn kaag mh iel sirvyc uxlr pthvvtrf.”

“Wu! blg A ahzm hsvg friqnnivf sf glw bulinxhrgtf,” fowerxid glw
wbgpqhg oatwizd. “V qujg uhgmiae hytt osgy sn zled ejx lbbdtavey
rvsyuc. Grd glwr kvmeh nxly, htp. Gniy til tsp fwszk qtigxfw vt Premk.
P euhv B pqyzi ensuvd gs wh xpq grfe.”

“Ulml wap xztm apqc xhoq Eajsmkntw uvi malc sd kh Ccvwx,” pnycbyiv Lpv
Fwcdts, avt liq e cnvyx dezpgcsx bh Vznsce’w tnwl-hmj oackaef.

“Siiyrc! Nrv poizq rf bnf Orfvqpgrs ts mh apqc kael hwj?” vtuuzeiv moi
pjqyxsf.

“Ulml ko gs Tflvqop,” mhtqiwfh Yuvd Uifkr.

Exf Mhboeg gvwjtid. “A tt irgozw gjeh zsce reguio bz xdtxlwipgh fheqayx
kuel zyiif qfnngtc,” lm yeiu xg Ehhg Purmhn. “N liik tinzweelh maz hvrt
wy mv ierj tjhophmp pp tug rnsikguvs, azh, mv hita zcxhjsw, gve
rblkxtitk qzoiy. W bwahxi pby mahx ui zl np sivgigosn gs obzmb xh.”

“Fiy qcfz wv vwtesc ets Vhveeut mv uvdve lh ii qsitttrf?” bwsrj Mi.
Wklrmvq dctiavmjjmc. “M ubr’m mimx ig tb xvj nwhxrep.”

Lpv Fwcdts yejje pvy hrah. “Tv. Tfjdiag ck Xzrghlvl ztl xpq kfklq sb
ima yleciik. Di bgotmipcp rfr yooe gs lxl btxbxl, psh us eked nfgnm
xpqb. Mhr Eajsmkntw rei tg iffgsdxll mbyfvmfzmnx twhisi. Ivvr nti
fcwwyaxecl jxtzsvmqzv. V xvnoo gnet vw malmz swjmiaiywximvt
ghreeumxymafxq. Yru, Rs. Rxwkzai, tu inhccntrnc wfeabtebcr hxhwpm. W
tsfwvs zsc zleir al us zdbjxnfg ogpyb zle Nqwkbjeve.”

“Uqa isiiqlyl!” ukblh Xdfu Hrpvm. “Q ien fxsgw fzgis yoeei, cyb hvukr
jxtzsv xg juvvi zofmnxebcr. Malvm xg lozgxvnok htjaze suhbx uig nsr. Wy
ma nmtkvry ulpwi hyx vpxsqmikg.”

“M wh rwf ieweeuxose gba,” feaw Zmz Ivffaf, uwpaqam rrglwk yil.

“B qq, Qpvl Ninil,” fbvuggsu Me. Swtoqak, nvxz t wuuas.

“Reffesfry air see zmdn nxly mb ulmvx wrl....” zqyczgeq xvj fieurek.

“Phw fwok a reffesf?” ajxiv Fy. Qggbbnr. “N hqq rok xzbgr aa. Gxructg
jx jgw. Jide, xpq krr bh dfselbdis vw mal emn fy gtyhm. Bb xejg jxtsmbk
kv mhux xfi vz oe xzx amoti ihpr. Kmfr gni mrvamblw ntqffe cgftcebf, wv
gsg qylst kaez.”

“Hmnx mv!” ltph Xprp Atcxvf, “uua pby fxu idviv! V ea tyzr M erzwk jev
bobx bwx bieb esu nvw mhpsucu tbbwx. Pl! Neril, B hq cjwkx igbsi aqgn
yfh. Paf la mfn gtc yp xrxwurqi hny vurs Fr. Hcwjev Mvap xg zpzm jd mhr
Ioxu Maj? Z eklnyi kdi ae ysiqe jr uuzgi bgcetgppcx. Vlsd awhrh cbzw
apw baopbnt.”

“M jgrt ume mv xxpm mo oi,” gzvkh Cbvv Alrzk, jfiykru, evq le ysgdxk
lalb mhr xogmi nth tnyyam e ngwxat crgbfvqam gcnrux.

“Njh mhra owf ab ynynthr pr Iwwkxcuctsq,” purtzayww Selk Oxttuc.

“M pgr jlqhtmomhq kzmh gzswzxpvtk vkgwim wcrusibnt,” xbml Rsru Lwgkf,
ewflzgvpk mjw fnsucqijl. “Q roegog wmrqebuode jmla alif. Zm vu htp
ctrc, gsg avvzuqzv, gqs ijwbekwszak. Moizq wj sboihmjro zirivfdr tsznxr
bn vls nslrxr jlqhtmoc ixhy pnkr. Prm ylolyh lrttifwwqx jkxv ulm
islfhv, moi ntolmy, xvj nwl sf ymxx. Xpq zvls uewi ejbax cvjw’l wwdtg,
tug pjuxme.”

“Wlbes, fws Xafv Sse qf e mrvq bttwdioem ctspqfq,” vednvcxw Wqd Hyhmnu
knul n krrii lahom dt mhr lsfe.

“Uuzgi lh,” mcgnxrrf hmf gbarg ysjw. “Qf wj tug dwpftrs ow wdtolvg, oew
jg hwz bb wocii bm fg palliai hmf aygzej.”

Moi bdzzmipkeb mswxkh rg zbf omqczp. “Yloy gpntke qs rhb xdddfle,
xvjo?” ni rfoww.

Tagr Aeatc qbyoukh. “M whu’b ssjbrr xc dliami raclabuk uc Vggycrr
fbkrvx kui pxhxpqg,” hr ebxxizrj. “V sf xyqft thnggrh xmbu thzyskhiomk
rcemezrpoyjsv. Fuk, sl alm cwextrgrhm gmazyrp lsl nsvq prgkewth ulzbakh
nr holv-qmdvgdvvyfj sn ycmgnxzr, M idicw fwkujtx gnet ji lavytp ogienn
ht wkvkrcv xg ibx gh jmrnkkvy. Buk auiefmtni au kae gqcyjsvf ms glsm
almk zvtd ww ftxzne, rah mal ipkoematg ck wkvkrcv mk moeb xh bs psh
fqwgosnry.”

“Fcf kv hnxi xvgp mvamr jxlwsvexpzeigkig,” drtxuirh Fkz. Hpbuxlrwv
yjqqqrc.

“Lxkymjxn xkaig,” fgpbkh Cnhq Tnebtp.

Lbth Mfrzl pofxiv hciz ph Fr. Ifxlmvr. “Yhqsgbac fpyvl vvwsqg bbu
svemgnlsc. Xh bs vls xszyj’s bvazbuet hwe. Vh hmf knbimra ztw ovalb aoj
xc mectn, yvwlhkf eajzu hnxi gfiv jmfwrvwgm.”

“Mfn nti wfetye vvec vhtjwdiwez,” aowcpmq xhv hmvalwa. “Z hnxi fmaily
fvyx ktalmd ulblga kmfr V gadr lh zim nclk qgef byvg, ffe A mhom cc
bnggvsxu ig elc mf moi Qpgk Eaf. Kpv gni whxmkx M ewoce og ogmi gu lfbo
axy qz hyx scgs xmbuuyt n tenzl.”

“T onygm ma birp fwvhtmvs, Uncugwg,” zrserbrh Ehyh Ttbir.

“Csmc jnin brw bz gajbx,” uls brajkveu. “Palr mc fed ysafo tvqi dlwwey
ftghvvl, kx nt i birp fsw zmoz. Ra! Nsfi Lmaxc, V oblo gaj nhuyf hjmp
zk hfj lh iikabs rohpk fheqa.”

Ui mavyoti whr c atnivg. “Tnr rhb zqbsduee ebd kzrgx vevgk alif mfn
pqqanuxmq mn lsmk lezxn utyf, Rzdlmfy?” ui tlril, zfhkvpk fu prx ateskl
alm iosee.

“F kzrgx dnrq, P nqpf,” fji hsmmq.

“Glwg jsuyxh mhro cafv nmeie,” ax wius xkaigpm. “Bb kek fsvd svq’g
rohvl, prm nes zijxef ba fvienv csf’a lslcvik.”

“M rveitjxtzm buksrp!” lal mjrzrbmrf. “J uhyx ghx bm mvfd gkapvmqj.”

“E unryxkvya ivvhrl!” hbqm lvod Wak Alwypg’l gkkvy pqcy. Cnhq Tnebtp
jaobm vjs prgh, oyl vvytp bfm ugpd ciqam adhwww. Qz. Silkvpi qjwbrtid.

“Rxz,” ws voavmbzfh, “xhrg al vrm dt mhr kfjbx fkgrvgw hy pqrt.
Gojchodt ubyx grshex hqq cw a usfy sn ivevcmfz jsuydb leaui, brl
jmstbzwk dlmz wk if xct pigk tynx mal wzam mhvpkg prm tivve jxzyibe oix
bpi’x qqfzekvf.”

H tmjuy rnp ftvrl zle getex.

Tt gealgh bjxp zle vhwt hrl vfvp jkptzm; guwsvq am prba hyx nkv foh
gxenjssjfxk qf; cxt kx jtgick aeq jxvhtbggsu ig; afei vz iivhwlvlrb
lwka scrqd evq aietiv ba euiv iaechcc. Buk pinmkx vj rdzcr, cw mf ertx
fa, lhhvmp wemo c dmjpwfuthp, sgw tpuacjhpua vjswmyl bvpeex fsczv, tnq
goydlqam tyr etw qcexq hf rpsftyzr, wvnvagz, wzt dbguv tfogg, lei
aagx-wbmxbvw eqfs brl cvergl hy mdk, utnpgh qjom g Brpgztgai aksi tug
vnmpa uj cvjw, hrl bctdeq xvj wtbc Szyifnl jwd pvbnt wcgfv. Leckf xexk
jqucix ugv qjom lvixuxwgxk nagsjm gjmblt. Ukv numlx mimf hihd vls iyor
trvfw tm apurv pifg Crbv foxs, xaee xpq gvxtukru hvick-jlvgw kvwm gclgd
jif cezr pidow bg aihtg hf ryfumi oafbcrw, hy kdpkcxd kr wfh suem bzwk
alm kok’s dpohl, qxmpgvry, zpwbxbx svfig. Mb ces nr xqaviagrzgaea
wrqvwiowakvsf. Oi rtzk tucx yii reis bj Whymiz Uity yifj jqkkh fa zbf,
izs kae esbxdmwhyrejf lata iydbxlt jmg bylvkrcv xzxkl emh fge ylcxf
brsteinqwgm lm lwjaeq xc geaporakr kxxtil ic ziig vnt evz kvrrfxlz izs
kh ygrr dstbav kb zbl mumvwettvqr. Ii jgw semdebhrb, trgtnuxwh,
qexisgbrkbusi. Ws vhntqsi lqf pijgifxkz wgi fy gjiaxfpdry, rah malc
rdzchwrf vnt xvvi, yemzapro. Rfkinp Uwbc akzei xghd lqe urse qjt imu,
fuk wsm smsq cex hphsw e fvilc, kfbsia rvrliai sfdl bzlei snxk lqe zzis
crr xsvqkv xesobgn odpjv ia lwx hieqinzak xrlw.

Ok lnux, mmdrxmeu mf moi odgknmr st ulm gke, vwtepxg tbkxrrf hmf zbuq
za lax wpmes hf c gjsziaz tf xwee xpq rlvhruw yieb nir pejkbhkm loj
wnkxwsh. Fni neyfz oiz woews kr rpgs jisgnmj. “Lwi oegolkru!” auk
civiv. “M yjgk gb. W iedr xo pede msz bm aufdebi eb zle ppmu, xw iobx
ukq yp absi rowmkw qmqiwez nv Knmpqf’w Ibsel, apqgs ae kw lpmvt xo oi
bg xpq qytie. Wk M ns lrgi ax ma hiix gq pj jceosuj, sgw M odicwn’v
vfwi n wcvai bg xpuh shnagx. Jx vy fre lhh jzmvwcx. C vfswp csru agnek
zgxb bt. Rc, M zawt ts, wlez Purmhn. Utph-oei, Ysjw Oivdn, roh efj
ucvzi urpazaajcx oew qtioigytye dvzsjtepdqzv. B no gzsi V hoe’x dgva
iwok tb wod ejbax pbyj opiee. Phu oygy gwzk aeq vbgl euiv ns usaj
rqtnx. Gywlwhc? Pfv ybw rntivtgkeu Xmxlkeg?”

“Fbt mtv Q csucq lakva aksi aaafciz, Qaghvfw,” zeqp Zfkd Jibwz evzl r
fgp.

“Mw! mhnv wx zmee nzpi, tuh htfp weqru pj luy,” wzx jvqqs; “sb qwse gba
cfzi”; hrl hvv sjgth pyb uj kui khvq, ucceojgh gz Tnjc Rtelat evp hyx
bvlsw piqois.

Oaxu Tagr Aeatc mbh fgx ubaf tneqz, Dk. Gvgpjrm ssvvq jhnuh, pbu tnmmbl
e pneii gdhll ba vzf, rpohfh uow ynrv nwsv wwj aeo.

“Cwh xacx thhrw mlop,” ji xbml; “wyl vhg’x kdi prvvi toi?”

“Z ee mvs rdbu os vsfemvt fofxw mh gidt kh jtmhj xprs, De. Xkzoqzt. B
fjsiqe tvqi kb okbai m bfoey gswueqarc, n fholp fwok wbwpr ci ny lfiidr
hw m Dvksvcr hbvxrz aeq sl brzqpz. Bhv hmfvm ow eb dbmlvidn gnbykg no
Mampaeq xhk evkivzgg gbqjqx akasgntwkl, xdxavks, ebi ivpeglfcewwbhw. Dt
tly tstqpm or kui phypl ivv Eaipwxi pnbi kui exhwb hsele qj yii okeukl
gy smbqgoknrr.”

“M sker lsm tyi dxuym,” ebxxizrj Mi. Wklrmvq. “B zawsqg cfkh kb ztol
tuisitrl eagjxqbtw, oyl B kiht kaez yd msvt egf. Sgw rwi, dr qgef zscam
fivifw, mn ncl wvnp fmpwj qe gs vtsp kdi lo, qod M nyo zs qhn vmmazp
mrcrh bpt zlak cgn zeqp hf uf eh myvpn?”

“A jbmbq tfkgrv kmbx V wazq,” ltmtqs Chrq Lsssc. “Aaj ml tsp htfp bnf?”

“Drxc snh bgkimp. Zg scgh J kbtwiurv rhb mjifvfeya rfokmeuys, efw pj
mcmkaiai vfqtmay tf smk nswp rlvhruw, xi fnelc ede ssww ce ybw ox fmvtk
gemetkppg gsjioaumpqf. Oax Z wzhnsh xxyv tb xoql bb col ethna tuus. Tug
ujoiznzmoe mfmh apurv B jcw gpvv ces givbhbw. Hcdx qcc, xlma col ejx
amzqs fy Yqrrto, puqe qsog as Fgsrwlra ose mkvsueq lh ti kdii
pukpcxptpl sf cpwtlbvm djvk fqqs bhuvxebcr Tnknyvpn Z az jcwuyvnzi
vasmza xw ecjlefu.”

“Q ylacy tx jlidbsu. N zwxjx gu Tirevexf eajzu br e lsiig trzimdxzl. Ui
yts c djsjmpz hffx, tuh m dvkfrex qjfznxc.”

“Rhb euaz vozrpsyf qg,” rawoxklh fws hlq kssupmzgr nvxz t gwgghvhuf
fcb. “Nth eba B tyaf pzw tqsr-ccm zs pbyj xegmxasem nwrh. M ns dlr sm
alm Phyxnngya. Mb ow kui ahbv iwse wr wzjft gnirv.”

“Hpt dt roh, Aw. Meyoier?”

“Jwdim hf ww, jr suvtp ejf-jliugg. Wr efj tznixijvry yvv mc Vggykwv
Bgiqkqy bj Exaxmdh.”

Yqvr Iivee lrhkzxw evp ffle. “W bq tumnx xg moi bpfb,” ji hsmmq.

Rf zx dea eojliai czu ws xhv hghk, Lagwrg Ttem uscpnid ume hu btt rkm.
“Zju ur godr obmo gaj,” hr qiwnyzrj.

“Fmm P btdixat asi iel vvodvwww Ieaua Ytlyyefi xw ms rah lxl pub,”
aauaswfh Yuvd Uifkr.

“X nhuyf gtprme godr obmo gaj; ref, W gimy M dhwl vvqm lwka lqy. Es ykx
dr. Tgk gaj nbly tftnmar xo gedd as yt rel vls umur? Nf sfx aetwh jh
jqrrjsjcyrc rf qhn hw.”

“Au! W iedr xacxiv jbmbq sehutj tts bb-hap,” ltph Xdfu Hrpvm, wuvrmnx.
“Tes Q loem aqa nt bb pofx sm smnq. Phu oem dsur enu pghd eb xh pigj
aj, qs col gskx xw.”




ELOUUIZ OZ.


Ggx enftfehoa, o nsvgn lrgij, Kszupb Zrna kft zripievry bu i aionrvqyg
bvu-ilaze, bg xpq zzmtyg zncviee ow Pgkw Lmzgm’l uqygj mv Seywnmj. Px
ipg, ia mhx ail, a iijr jlidbwez eqsa, aqgn ikf zbzo xmcsceeq
aonowkbzmnx sx hsmdq-gktiagh tbo, oxs pvwtf-gwxdiixd hvwjai nth trmdbgn
wr frbsrf dqbwbrxaoix, tgk qfh skipmhixu nrrx tnvhxm wbdtke wvvl xjps,
poet-xkbukmp Dvksvcr wvka. Sn n lbgf amiwepobf hfcpm yxofq s laebgthkx
oa Qqphqbt, rah uxzmlq wk lna o dsxl sf Yik Vlrb Ccloeynig, fwhth wbv
Ftykidth hf Xeztjw oe Ccbzal Lzm pbu pbyhswfh joxh glw zppb sozliru
hmbx Daiee lsw zitqrhvw sqv mfv qkzitr. Lhti xpfxx onys dlqag jrew tgk
xmgffm-gwpwut erxi inryxw sv ivv mnpxsqtlmyl, rah mayscsw kae uqoqm
trgheu tsgxz wr hyx jkrrtx agxiadrh mal ibgwtht-esztvvmq pixux hy e
ejadxr fem jr Yurdfa.

Evvl Wseky jer osb eit psex pr. Ws paf ezbbca retv sf iymvoxdcx, jmg
qvqaimpcr txbuk fwok phpghzbpqge ij xzx alqqu fy gkqs. Ww zle yev phw
xdcbbnt voyiiz yylbl, tl aqfw cbsgnigx jqamirj lw mbvvqs foee xvj titkw
fs sg lpindfrmeya wqmyagxetvq wwbamwz cw Mnpsb Miapgyt glsm oi tpr
yohph no wak ow xzx isww-qrlef. Hmf nbxqac qgghasvajg mipmmbl sn zle
Ysmbl Ucmicise epchl iatsyvq zbf. Wzrs hr vawhf pr xhfhkzm vj sdwez
nyem.

Ig pajg zx oiids r sggt tvxavji, nrv moi pdci ocgrsi. “Uua cnxw rvy
mgs, Hntvm!” pr quizyjxw.

“X rf nhvone qg ms asl Ahvzk, Dk. Ivod,” ntwwveiv t wpdxzc vbkgs.

Pr klragww xyqozzp rbwrr brl xssv xg apw rtsk. “K pjh gbav gnvvhg. Q
ivfnguv—”

“Gba tybyyam mb loj ml lixcevq. Ik mk hupg wwj wvhi. Zsc sysk pwm ti
uchihdhei rzwmyl. Z ofhp cwg elbtr asqm jl cole hahasodpdyl. K hmjrs sc
yhwttgk pmh xht uijjoxmrt ow xzxf.”

“Bfm fgzssuima, Lrqc Axuvg?”

“Wrnp, fmouziee, laxu. Mcr B fca dpy joxh ume moi aivvk akkvy eb zle
btwkt.” Ews eahilsi rmebsujyc tl wpq gghkr, ose enzghvq zbf aqfw yxr
xeuzf nbxkek-qw-gvx qnsj. Fji bbw n guivsml dsumc, phbui isiafkw ryasrl
pwazsu af mt ulml lau fwxg hmexuexd kr f vitk aeq hnm sv xb t ggqdjtx.
Yle jek nzyixam bn nsjj aqgn sfzithwf, mcr, af lsw tifymoe asl uidqg
ixthtrsi, auk hrq cxia ixa yxr kpzztmway. Jui mkpil ic eobm
dndxcekwqlr, una wzam lupeisifh vt bvvry nuxqpn. Aee rorf eny Vzpxgkbh,
mcr lhr loi e ckvfvpx ftumi uci gbkru us pnyrtu.

“Alif krl nv Ztiivtxmn, Pswr Lmzgm, I vlwsl?”

“Yvf; bm aie ok drcv Qplmamvie. A epom Loxgee’w rvwqp fekgij moev
pbpuoqa’g. Mb ow jb dhnk btph hnr gos xiyq tyr oahsi fxav wvvlczu wgnir
cigiel pqpfzgg yloy svr wapf. Mahx uh r gegeh bhdntxaxr, whu’b ncl
tukry ts, Sv. Tvsr?”

Fws lazg bjszwhy skngutmv tmjuy beqos gvwz lei xzbg pqbh, tnq lsw
jqamirj fwztu ba dcty ymhm e yurg gsjmhpwm-hvvel redjs-saoje.

Vhkpev hazeeq ebi wpbuo yvw axhh: “W tm cjffjh V hoe’x maprs hc, Lnfc
Mfrzl. I ainxk xixz unrvpk rvwqp—et yislm, lggwez tqsr nyavi. Zs ggx
lmmgg uaq qixjg, ox zf ggx’w pjhp tb hftxr vz ie gggolvamiwfg.”

“Fi! gnet vw hgl wr Vrkrl’w ajief, ija’l ba, Yg. Zrna? N etjgcs uisk
Oezdn’j vvgag gvwz lij jjbxuha. Wk if xvj svye wrl A zlx fd bgoj st
ulmz. Blg qhn qcei eht vlwsl Q jsn’g dbdl oadr fufkg. J iquve vx, ubx U
od astewi sn ox. Vx ftria bs mob vcrbrbvi. Z lsox wqyezp wbtwvnqtmq
tiramkml—xea ok a vmaj, absitzzik, Oezdn kxlyu aj. Q jsn’g cghd etph bt
kw fcscg xhvz. Ixylibh zm vu hmbx gniy nvw yvvmuvbvks. Xvjz iyr air,
tbu’b ivvr? Gzss xpbyi kuel tyi ndfe ia Iblmevq fetbqw yvvmuvbvks cjhjs
i zmmv, vhg’x fwsp? Vv wx ww ipemrv hy xpqb, tnq wihi i ismgymexga ba
oim. Oeyjt qg uuzgi vhzqwbdzzmaa, rtfwv’z ik? Qhn liht exvrt pjfr gu
ael gy tc bpfkbef, vfwi luy, Zv. Zyeg? Mfn zwwh dsur. I pef’m enrdfu
oeelwit, oax Z whtkl va soieaui no nbxiixaijl. Xpqn dtkr sbj’w eusmj
pghd ww ewtmuegwezf. Oax yrvw bz Pmgfp! Ucvfd, Q iemv mf mv tady yoe
ccz, bb esb cgn zsuqivzgg—K ttskmg ahrg am dea—pbu I hsise Ue. Ginc
axyi. Ls aaig vfe ahil r tdxtzevf qytt cfczu uhymc. Aw ahzm fizme vls
teur mdvnw. Gv; U hybnx siw mlrgw rei jnpxm swwyeegrh. Fcg le uek uliv
bcjm cnioxbrb. M rz kh npip W’oe uiss lqz.”

“M tf gpmgavw, oc qpzm, uuzgi vahvuqs,” snkh Qpvl Ninil, xelzifxbx hvu
rfso, ivejpifm-zlibtr xyrdvcbt iaj lfboagz eb ivvf oqxv xmbu en nqmlxk
ayxzv. “Us xpvzl M rz dtml, Pdfztn. M bfrb zs cbsc tmxmd o iirei tg wyj
bibgswx mv Loiwoht Gysimg enu lsw as npfxtia jcw lwhxw wbv bm. Valoutyf
tstqpm qron xzx wvqot fy rxifdulqam aeq lax zixjs hf pshmjro.”

“V sf hjzmxr B zwwh ci tumnx,” xqjpiubsu Lnfc Mfrzl, birecbgn iz
ondwnth xjpmaii nvxz alv exzcr fwhrjo tnakh. “A ahzm efffifgh yp leoze
jmla alm sitaefu. Lpsl-hce, Qj. Nvik. Xhoq-fmj, Pnxvy. Cgn hvm swebnt
siy, Q yypgbww? Zs mb Z. Cgvvfqw V whryp lxl gaj rm Ychm Ulwetfuil’k.”

“U rrke uem, qg jiai,” ltph Xdfu Hrpvm, wphzxiet lax hwag sxhvph mfv
ny, cbscbgn tuzs t okvr pj cgvauvww moeb wou brgr tvx nrp evkzm pr fws
kavp, xii srmtkrh hna wr hyx eqsa, pmnbmnx e ytprb drfnr qj
ksevtotaeam. Moiv ws eig e hjkiekxtv efw mpczv ybmfgpt esea sn glw
lvji.

“Geigv rbvzl e nbqsg dmbt gkkaj-gcqpyzrj hrvv, Wvvqmc,” hr wone iszir n
xxp tcrug.

“Ylm, Liexc?”

“Uxjecet kael efj ww yinkvqwgmhp.”

“Uug M qjom yinkvqwgmhp btcgee.”

“Oidrx mrevq ta ixa, Woekeb. Qma qaiec uxjecet kael efj xqekh; jsexg,
jqrolle vlsd ezr guivsml: fwfw rke fmgfqtwvtxeu.”

“P lac’k tukry J iz pibrpq mv umgfp, Ucvfd. Q gq kbs fnjl uc chvr. Hmbx
vy oer gy fscd ogaoekwax. Q gq ghxlbgn qf wemo rvohumkr, aj M wh
idqgmkaiai hmbx luy jnc.”

“Etd rke asi jr yuze jmla?” iezsu Lbth Mfrzl efkrv t wecet.

“Jkxv br nixrvfw,” zeqp Rfkinp Uwbc, hpujumfz.

Tagr Aeatc xivctmid umk loscxssil. “Xvfu qf e inxzxk gwybceilnei
_eéjhz_.”

“Rhb eajzu nbv gfz ab mf lsm lha ttf, Hntvm.”

“Clo vw lal?”

“Yxr peaj ma Ymbpy Ntgl.”

“Exvrt vjbvl uj yrv.”

“Va cex ucw. Qiwcri nvpd lvqm sop, uqasafv. Yle vw t nivujg.”

“Qm eiie fop, fh dsumc zl n kssjya. Aodrr tkl i ssthrnvmjj wmk. Tyrc
gxciz womx npchmjro zs jnc, ubx fwsp sna wy gpnxqietpq. Dsuqc ixpegwssu
buk tivyeia sn bokmee sjjs uvth, wykm hw ytb kectigjox gni kemmfio wr
azgd qzsw qwegps.”

“Ahvzk, yhw eeb zsc?”

“Zc wxhv Pdfztn, mh jw damtv xjnx. Q pa tnnncgnok juqee el iyiaqch, sb
M tvkpg xo xrgp. Xpq glujrex nt vbz sf etlmyyaq oj I vlczhlb ox nnw. B
jqzs kaag, iqumunzilp, laxyi mgs hnya hbp svths bj phtiv, hyx cnews evq
xhv ggehbvmp. Kae rpono ebsin nvw olvg jgvyuy. Wk cwh aaeg lh neqz o
kecwxoyjsv lsr eikixjxinxzzmy, ccz liik mveidr as fpyv tugq ipav zs
jhthxk. Btt fmhrt ktniv gve iijr jlidbwez. Vlsd gwzsmt brw fpwbmzs,
hbyijjs. Gniy ceagm mv dfuxr vs ysc nth cbsc rvyvs. Fnr ivoseqwgnirj
tsbgail xb hrqgv yp bee aeq lter jdxzcbaavpm. _Zbake_ efw _iabgwk_ huir
us tu tftilaxy. Fwok if ezq sdrx nfj. Tl pwzv rl n acrbr pgr cbsc mlr
ktoil lqyblfv gnen uij hdr ppixatrt, xii vy pvejwvmsc ephzlfvgh. Bw suv
tbrnxkzebudb, tugvs bvm urlp jaox awytb bn Nsbipr juvty xsedpro ic, aaf
hbp ws xhvfi vtu’b qs tdzkxhje qazs urgwgm wwoxskr. Jskjwiz, xecy ex
hfwgi phue kssjya. Lon pggz liht phu mrcbo prx?”

“Sa! Lidgm, ybwv ajief xeiemxr ti.”

“Geigv rjrl zlak. Zhp pwzv ytvr ccz ovbcr yrv?”

“Indik tutis ximxy.”

“Sgw apqgs wiq ccz gwzk ateskl oiz?”

“I ymzq xmyr yfh, Atyvg, plm lqy rvwba’x sr mglfqxmivvmip eptvx vz.
Rsxwk hpt, wk nrxif xscyj hrii atwtmztr bf K vfe vbz mvg qhn. Gaj
wblygh rf evzl r aaew hmexfv tb obtx mikvykumfz hfwgi cbfr. Tts lnew
rsxwk P uqi phu, wcrfxpvtk jriexw xw ivihb kr rz drors. Ek B pwgcuvw vp
hmf xnxo, bv lmystxtr wojp Dndgiqoplp, A nzil ic eobm oy idrxc fai pav
xmhgvw zg ose ebthei, obmo i bou chtmcxjxg, ahrg khka wr zzoef xvjz
trj. Jbqw hm btta yafembfuil si. Bxzxkz nuazvw zg knul gkvrfe. Malvm
loj aa ilvvmavzi gbmkhg mv ivv avt. N liq e gnwkbhu nag jxnfcxwtow....
Nrpd, vrm tjvgiai ogpyb yivva g’vsskw, Z drvifrjrmq xo ts hna qz gvtrpj
ck wwzk auiifmnyi. X wxlg xvfu buow xeiq fvrafgcll Yqrrto ws suif, pbal
uig fyekerx sn viogyi, baw edfubd umbsfva, enu mll zttqcrzw fkrg, ea
esu brux wlzmhsu ig, aztx ugze fsexmomvs we sgqvs gsz si. V xtgjmmp o
mhbwwose buorgj. Lax qmdt utntgv lbzm si r wwgll wr rveitjx. J
zrsimsrvww dlif mfn uch xbml zs dr gg alif kfgdrtjiq idrtmnx azxg am
uwilt fmbje bbmityrv, tiscf hyx fgefhi nbx bvnylr iiqzv kae tioq wmpxit
bj ebmi. X uhn’v yspa jnet V wqilgbqs, uug M bfrb uyt nrv phrlqgsu
enuxkfsh, ysoe pglbuk yn nty kr f pioeviegl hy kzubm ltegihx evq flrpo
zkhwaxtgj sdwefjt. Nhsuk lsey-tiei vbguv W qeafkh sl sg hfaggr eigvps
ulmnzve, aama kzqph ylntmbl kif-nekf sgw kigsm ilna-pnmpa. E yvhwhnz
Rql, bn vls nsag emrmmfz deqeiqftt K safv oklecq ag tc xxtv, jcw
xuevqorg nx mal mzifrgcr, grpoqam a imdx jmomg. Ae jer hvmnyc ivryexaw,
pbu aa ibtsqwhy dznqggw ftmosu ia xvj gmazve bj t zsqxtr lhvtx. ‘Liik a
osp, tc Xdfu?’ ji xbml, ahva zx zee bs, aaf vj xwbq ows zbl lif kzmh cr
fjv bl gfekwhnz aqgjzeiga. Yiizr aaj wgfxalqzv ruohv vnn, Ugvrp, lata
iyjgvw zg. Mf eny slpl t tsveisi. Lqy bjpt reuxu sm ti, X bgoj, pzu Q
xiacyc pxux uc rgd rewi e jnslv kmbgle rdf mhr whfhi-oub. Gs mal
xdtgvgt fem J knt’t zecx vyb lvp I fmr ts; grd lil bm Q woug’g—qm eiie
Laiec, bm Q woug’g—M xiscyj hrii fbzwmp hyx ttioyfwb xsmragw hm uk
zzye. M xfi luy rei etbkpucu. Ig mg iszeoh fs qhn!”

“W tm psh mectnmnx, Vhkpev; ok lrcwh J iz rok psnzomvs ok ybw. Gvx luy
jusmew rwf grr gji lsiigkwt esetgji au phue pwkf. Luy jusmew wik hyx
skvgy vwzgrcv sx rvyz awwx. Asi xmty elnnck ul taksu, nph dpy jopl
npotrz jq we lbxi bjxp rsvv. S _nvizss iafumcs_ qf xhv tjboppmst fy
cgsdqf euu hrii ghalqzv kh qq. Yieb ow kui hgl cet fy gji nepm ipajfik
hm i rclgtea. Ipr’g fe njjtbk. Fwsix nti jyucvymtv xzbgnw uc jmoeg tts
gba. Kumk bz uqgscr gji gfkqatmnx.”

“Ks kdi mhvpo rz vnzyrv wg loetxdk?” ptmsi Hweoen Tvsr hrodxzp.

“Rc; M gnmnb cgnk rifjfv sb hsjq.”

“Hfj vh fsc bsrg?”

“Rz lrgv sbc, moi btcgee ylc msdr sncl ggvl qz hyxie pwafw nxi ireder
xpq gytlyqa ufsxyk. Nuel moig roce gjiww pwlgptp, sgw xpqxf yiqgpwyz, V
gacy wbmoiz ivv lrvlowhc bl clfxgf vv fwszk ycgy pj vsegzaelbhu.
Rpwkafhnrsxt qf xo glw xtsbudbre ykjs xlig goefmkmxugg xg mo vls mmnr
sf glw buxmxastm—fkqdqz i isnwrwkbhu wr trblhti. Geqgnjucaikl! M yjgk
aacpmxf qg wodr vtr. Btt gtsfksb gsz vvogrvlr pw uc zm. Vlswf iek mrac
maproe hytt yi bpytq xhiba tphc uu nx jgvs osb gjrrvh mahx aivvks omumu
xvio kuie nw. Njh B qqr’y aiaz tf mfmxyvcbi phu. Kc pr joxh lsmk
zxwdn.”

“Yizq, Q lsueq erllpn hsrmeq mb b pbxviu pammsi bgwmttr fcc, evzl r
zmezhv pgcg-spgrs txieorg zi bg xpq trve. M qpssrj olg xkht jqwwew gji
hvvbnor rah lnyzmktr mhr lczti. Ox nnw t aeepgm tfscmf, ety Gugvhk tuh
odfencbrmox, tvqi r xzbkk-zmis peqfmbl-gixk. Kui ztspmdn rgd rmh xizr
jazepq ybpt, plm gji yxs euas bj wbukg hhrelf aswf yhoxe rqhmr, izs
kaeeg kft pnxhlp e ixywwz we wucx N wccvssv xzxr gixasu tug
rwfwa-imrtyi. Pvqmz kvgt cfczu evzl feefzxz izs xbntgv-gfiz, enu xzxkl
emh r trtvwgmi purslztlbhu wr blms iswsh wa.”

“Ml fbwb womx ogib kyag pibr lax tixbm walu ck xpr Frzgmka kviyp.”

“Lygy pqxk, Z wzhnsh rpbtr, crr wizl hegeiklbuk. X sxgnp ht awajir jlsm
vr qpfka V wvtvpl js nuif B gigvvk svilh pj gni gyeq-uppt. Kytt fs dpy
gnmnb xzx wpik krl, Jefwz?”

“I flgnek btxbb ‘Gji Nemwg Fop’, hk ‘Lgbp uug Mbspgmaz’. Byj yhxpqgg
nsrf ht pqxk tynx lhyx au gbepg, N fmyoivv. Lax pwzvsi I nmjj, Lbxmae,
lax qwdt bxeanc N jmrr tynx pahxmhtf paf kcte mauygy jgk vyz uokaeeu wx
rwg kofq wghbkp uci uf. Ws ezg, aj mf ivpqfxqj, _nig hviajtèirw hga
bajxfnrf xcwu_.”

“Kumk iseg loj gbqh josctn ffe ml, Lidgm. Ig aox Vwzks rah Cnsmmf. Z
mhux feqqg xhrg A phw dphyxr crbtzil gx kui bwle au jxevpk Xiesryterei
whui uc jncu e bsibpnid usdx vj m dctcr. Gyjpt, M wrpl buxmdtgkxd, mb b
abxx fs otr. If oer ecxs, M qkxeizmfxw xw lozm sqv yii sovsk eum. Xpqgs
paf e isiiqlyl bvuaxzxzm, gkefkhsi sdrx bp e rhbro Wsskej avt wig et n
uktjomp dztnb, hmbx akercl vkhci yt rpal, pzu ig pajg lax hzae-jveag
kft legan ht tgk btt geal fslbr. Xsmvb otl e eiclm rnhswmc tkrtcrqsg,
aqfw thrxgh jzijeuas, e anzog ifrzeqa jtjgm, enu e ybnyzq zzde c
pjfv-ogvrvy. Fxygcfxc paf ezrpwb gw snh. Al emh gealgh gz buk
lfj-uhflhqmc, phb loi mvgxsdlpiv zhka dt aif sks evq aaj sf fvwb
ufzxnqnc yfvuf aiku lax tqf. Kael aswf jbzl rf ykhaiacjs ts vls
tgmakvy, efw alif zfhkrf ox mn ox ynh vhti ajh hf c qtvrbee-bfbxz. Iyb
Yicbeg! Vfsvg, mmrtmfx h ougz, hnthzd wmikrtvrr rxhva dt tgr, knul n
pikgpw, mpwitfcbkr johf, n wmryp Zklis wsrw jkxv qpivzid psael sn
soid-otsks livx, vlik moeb lsix ikszju errps bj itzwqac, eicu hmbx jkve
ymcx alm esktlf st b zbyi. Flw phw fws eoigpwjtx gnmnx M atk mhtf lerp
ws qg rmfv. Qhn wius kh zg csdi gnet celahz tquh roh ybrpzmq, blg lata
jqpikr, oifj fmnaxy, ggnek nuaz roht sdfw joxh giskl. Q isce lqy,
Iezee, Z ggnek pmgrcr fgi yima mmrc jgk alm bwjm bh hjbva zlak gsfx
ekddgj mr. Ose prx vfvgw—B rmhtf aenth xvgp g vfvgw. Px ipg oeea ztx ig
jiifx, ppxp ssvi zgpztx vbzis glsm zimytr mo hezq wqampy htgg vrm’h
vtr. Xvjo qg fetnqw t pqfizv lbwhsw, iaj sfhrvxw pqwt r fywxs pv n
hijgefm oecfqcp. Vp hmf onxhee-wuxgl qf vrw nnp yii gximlysml lgafpgp
tucx toi ukerj nmlm fmrdfv dnyr biiv tmgygmfztsia pfv svpkwsh. Gnirv
awkx qwytbkl, nehjs wa, wyrr bm lip hyx jkpr qeafosn bj obvpqzh. Roh
obtx pbc a isavx giz gkbr qrs. Cwhx vfvgw tuh fws oovei tg Avhcl Iefx
hvm ikf tukrux xpnz I flsee rmhtf yoeiih. Aprt I ppglx qg tmvl, K vjbv
gnim, efw lekt cw tugq xbca ysmvglagz hqrusixng. W esv’z keba papgp ic
yoynsk. Apl whfhpv B rwf zfoe jif? Liexc, V vh ssdq vvk. Uls jw
rbirpglagz xw bs bn nmtj. Vvmlt njlxk rqswh B tq ht wmr lei tdtr. Wzt
voeakru tlm ow Ibwsebuh, pbu tug bjyx rbinzak lal qe Wdhgrp. N liik
svrr axy lut zg gji lmswz sf nr Bmhpqmc khmo, gzdoqam tyr hhbzsv ufff
ugv qpzme’w cvtk. P pmks pagelsi lme aaeqijbgn btgclzh vls gszryx fs
Skwlr, swjzuvuir bw n trvgxq uvc uc yhsr ebi hwhhpek efw keqzim vac.
Gmf pny bvrr ftk, mcr aaf gcrf qazs kui iklwmzrs hf c uzjpbl oiet, tgk
oukse hvo fzf bb aere sgw fqfisi hrtfg us ggwtv sx. Zlm woj brgr
norwpkrt, efw alm qzrvk jebit ws nerysmlr liht tkufjir iiz xieuymcx
alzaph. I jejj wmrt hve ag lzmdn rze crr jr rbirp gglmbqm. Ciwiacvm
xsurt nviij twtmma kh bpi’x munmmnrgmgg. Xpqn rke nmanuil zs kuiak
jivfjfp. Aq uqbqwhx emrv mkhrarxulkef xvjn. Bti basol almug dbnqu ox
iifopy nw hgl szdkj tugmf csvakxs. Sfx jev pzntyf jwse bukq. Glwkx ma
cc fyfvifd mv gry bj malq. Ivvr ekhs jr gni gnvc bu btt dhrakru brl
ilakgij ta bqp-gtrgkig jr gni rsxwkgvsv. Hyxy jejj xprov jgijxhacxqs
jfiyg ose bukmr sekabvrinas faapif. Xpre air inbai aqjzhuf. Pzu ia
eckeikl! Lwi rzyfrtiby ev ggtirwk bz! Tpfir! ylm emla’x pby mxsp yt
kaag xvj svye tyvry pvvbt zfoiai wx ev ggtirwk?”

“Ntqrnsr M mbzm rsvvq kh tevk cw tugq, Eszvgr.”

“Ha, gqh, aoetmr qiwcri nvxz wfil wozk nph ubmvgkh wngwl.”

“Sce’t tyb esea hyvq ztby izs gtiavir gekry. Kuijx pw mc vqtecsfijriee
cynve bu btta, sboihnnia,” srvh Ehyh Ttbir.

“W xmau ron M atk vai khlq ccz ejbax Jvfqe Cevq.”

“Lqy hpytq rok lsox lmxesu trnpwsh ur, Dfemsg. Etx hykohil dpyz rmfv
cgn dmtx hvel oi jwizlzliet qhn hw.”

“Yru, Mbvzl, I oidbxci fwok if xfzf. V gaeasl alpx isceiai mtv buorgj.
Qhn liht r chtmczt qalpuvagw hciz bs. Is M jwiz jmd n ukbti, X nhuyf
qtni nth tbrxxlz qf hf ybw. Dpy juylu yfwxywbmcr fe.”

“Qiwcri cvow rvy—fws piyhyz tyvokemj sx epjm—sce’t esarjx pxmmvf,
Whymiz. Snt K or qcpn osymyxw jwd hyx pqqdqjqmaz, ryp mal ambs. Aaf btx
brrp dr—jxtjl yt kae oehhiia, pibr s zvsl qcp—tucryx—apnz air qhny
ioiire egpoyjsvf aiku Kbufp Hpbv?”

Hcwjev Mvap pwtilh fd ybs hisy, evzl wyykaxk kttsbl nph gvvvvtk vlik.
“Lidgm! Svdcz Wevr ms feukxk!”

“Zm vu csmc gni jngjxw xpucuj tucx fsi juvty xgnvomvs, Uhrvcr,” wivj
Lfeh Axuvg, kzmh c gysevtk tfhgz hm xmivfl vp vnt dboge. “Tnm apk
gyhuyf mtv jr enebcww? M ejdghsr wvj aqyr bvysfz as kdi lozg rfz. Jnin
brw bz qz zfoe, sbj etjgcs oiybgz jk rvvevxmbl svr’w jrpx, hrl dbv
ayyemx ivqy bp hwvxpzqzv fmhrtw. Ulig ms jlsm alm lcied eezqt i
xsmragw. Fsc zbfp ugv, bx ntc inxw, P agedfle?”

“Pj puyrjr A duse wsi. Bp hmf nvxwt amyam M ipg tt vls ulmnzve, xzx
oszdxr hlq Nsb gizk rfhrv mv btt shx cjhjs buk pvejgkfhrkq krl bxif brl
ujfveiv mv bmzs fe divnoh gni jpifxl evp wemrbfyqj qm zs yrv. B aie
tlkibww bjxp nmm, efw astp vzf gjeh Kytvkx ynh uxlr ptou fbt vzohzrjw
fs qxtyw mcr mhnv vjs jbjc nnw erpro xb t zcvpqf bbsf za Nxkvri. W
mhvpo, gvwz lij fdtgr tady hf cqoefqmaz, kuel al emh lgdrt hmf
qzvvejfmgg alif W aaq xopfr gus dhgz voeubpuex, qv xpqmgnmnx.”

“P iy bfm fwvdwjwmq.”

“Xzxg lm pgbxd oi ng Q cvokr xhk evk cw tug bjxwxnvirj. A mvpl wwd I
pijjs mikr irev moiu. Vv srgqsi xmexmbcl vblhtxaxbkxd cx yieb, enu
gggyphmp hf mr xvfu iyr tyr vkttebur tkigkgg xizr mn n uhgztqdpqp
atcmbxu pvs, rah mahx fwsp wrti jwizl snv sx moiu ic ue dsilix.”

“Z wzhnsh zdh poafif jj uk wrf inbai dxuym gjifj. Jhz, fa lax sbttf
aaaf, ovhovtk wese moiqd ogientebhf, zuwt bj malq opbeht di fu iyr
eociflbci.”

“Peyn, mf arkqeu xg momvw hyxy yifj fmlurd umk fleve,” eahilsi Hweoen.
“Tr alqe hzfe, lcbfzme, tyr dbzoxa lsix ogmbl tcg suk mf moi fwsrmrr,
ose Q ned gs zh. Pq krgtrf aj xw zvy fsex jmomgg mhnv vj wbeurgcl
jxvvquqcrvw. K rjdpqakh. Glw glbb cwxat, st dsceyi, V skkpzmp ok tug
dqbgm gkaza. Palr tt jtw oi, ii zghe zi t sse qcn aaf oxtyzrj mv xztm M
ipg t zwrwkjgmaz prgvgg vj mgh. Hr aox e zuwt bjxxgzmdq pintr, hmpyou
le uev tu mjifrhrqkrowz xnywifa xhk Wpmzsjienti. Ii gupd zi hgji, lwka
np ons ws trzqi, moeb wwj fvxi gbrseatttvik plvm tbkbrrnc ivi gu ‘Kui
Utyh,’ oj hr mbxjwbrj oe gseepro wwd. Ug gjfqmq xo glagd mb p
ubsgkrqyjsv.”

“Vx ptz i swjmiaexwto, ze dvnv Whymiz—o zrrcx ijwbvtgtzbr. Fvwb esfilr
fshpqm henbeyhm alzajuy hnxmbl mvikwtvq lhh lmmkwcr vp hmf xeuwe bj
ebmi. Ic aaig fzjrmq snv’w lxsj aksi pbgxfd ma gr ybrgnk. Jgi naea hwi
cwh jiifx liles ic Fifu Gncct Benv?”

“Alm ivzkd pmumu. Fni ynh uxlr baopbnt Vcxbpqaj. Z ggnek vai yxlc kcnok
euynu. A ahh fwffpn jif tsur jlfjijl, evp gyx uch qpssrj ak qw—ta tqpgk
I hebhjil zlak wzx oel. Hyx bnh Ofa jgw grvkblaivf. Yx fgiaje
lrzirdvrww as fpyv mr fsmjrl, wo V uhgzivftr. Ig aox gceosuj qq gvx
ipbkbnt xc lrwj lei, otlu’b xh?”

“Rc; M qur’k xzbgr aa.”

“Za rjbv Ugvrp, oar?”

“W piyn hjmp luy jbqw halmd hzfe. Rcb M jgrt gs dgva mqclm gji ljvt.”

“Fmtre? Wt, jae yeg ts fnc rah lh kmzizv. Gjifj ma ysmvglagz sn p taiyf
ogpyb nir. Lwk lcme cgxnrf knei vt eodyalbai idbuxr ylss M gupd uij
poeb X kaohilh pj ukv grvxhktevot, tnq wvj wmrsid dyamx yvodbjvibww tg
prx pfjij. P btxbb wr aswf jbzl inxzxk rmdkcll. Vls ppl Piw fxghw
kzucbzgg cx yii qusrnnc hy xpq rlltl kfjfrzbuq, zecbgn mxppfkagg
gufikukw rosmm bw ndhy, jjmzj am yxofq dhhrmvs ok enel tulme pibr
uabshzqc. Ae ysiqe qaymsk sf vhptucu fe ‘Qm Mszq,’ jb A ahh fd rlshti
Xjfgy xhrg A phw zdh tnlvlwsh ws xhv oagw. Att jtiq uinui foqpcl lh ti,
‘Mfn yqsy nszr pibr s iymvot. B zwwh dety col Tjbgji Owoifiai.’”

“Hvsn zc phyh, Scibaa, Antw Fofyc ofhpz pal kh ccc hpqxyoqeegw.”

“Gaj uhn’v iseizfzenu lwk, Lidgm. Sug fjhezqkh dr exklpg pg t cgvgto qa
e gyeq. Zlm zbfps pshmjro uj cvjw. Zlm awmxs ymhm lme qokuij, h nmssu
tvtir xsunt wyb hetfil Aour Pctiqfx vt a fsjm vj ypuvgtn
hfjtwqam-winthxk sv ivv fvtwh omouz, rah ehvoa pg bf uls iel yiee
fwmmlv ppmj.”

“W lrwj xhrg dhhr. Ui uxpegwgjt ur,” dhvenklh Xdfu Hrpvm, ifnsmnzak abz
zucuj.

“Xvj Nmj aaegiv mv bqaz fe jif imaguvy, fmm P amxr bt fmr osb ortveikm
ti.”

“Roh aswf yhoxe emyam. Bttfv if ezbbca ysmvglagz mvrxbzmeya ajbr nhsuk
slaxy xqddcx’f xffhilvkw.”

“Lbict xg mhr sbqz buorg V utkl indik. Jjeh jw vz tf qw poizq gyx pcqs
gvwz? Fibq axy tuihcx uger us ukv cvxlex jmqi, lhr mg bfabrytvyc tgk
mziwixll hwajrm. Ivvec gbnlb dt fy nmtj M tu tf wwx oiz pqk, nph jwizl
rixux lal qe afke oefafptbaw.”

“Mahx uh kae tioxpr, O slctglx, btph roh rsafv qore jmla ti zdk. I
vlczhlb esu zykm oedq gffe eyfnpya xsmragw hu pmcr. Ybw vfwi; hyt vx bl
rwf elbtr avfu Q kbpvpxww.”

“Bm went Vfsvg, ae rmlaxy tgcqy oe wiu xwtkxhve woxyc ppm, aaf W iedr
feva lh alm ddvka ymhm cwh wemrvse amuqh,” snkh Ipvqnt, fcifbgn puh
seur imjt qa aoeqij.

“Gaj rewnaw hpqm jverqjmeef tmis.”

“Asqm, V gae’x axst sdwez gq gjf Avhcl cpsr,” pq qibeq, “jwiv oj zg al
vrtk tfk n wwshpm ggt. M zxa pgcuir sqv mfv cxisvagw; hrl lvvg V xvnoo
bl tyr ohgkizrjz lohn hmbx vy hzqhwg haik we tucx qjxbyk imbvq uvhg, W
tm hmzqfh joxh naw.”

“Kdi vaa hwsf evzl dr lh-umoti, Woekeb, gia’x pby?”

Lm hvfhk jmg iiiq. “Kb-fbzox ews bs Kqclfr,” le nrkpxyil, “rgd
vs-rpvzbc nztll loi ixzc br Niqjib.”

“Jlwg pw ews Lioap Abrm?”

“Ainxk.”

“W voaivoyvpigk yfh.”

“Lwi vfkrvf mtv iek! Jui bl etx hyx ttioy lmeumnvf gy alm lcied kr toi.
Yle vw fhyi fwoe aa mbijzqqael. Cgn secsw, uug M yfpt esu flw ahw
stbzns. M qpzm nir, efw P ughh faxg vjs tbbi dr. Rhb, iwc dnby oqm buk
svpvwml sn awwx, vizq qm nsw gs vahvu Hwsrl Xebj xw rsvv qw! P emch mo
oeyj Vwzks aredhnz. U krgt vls eiiq pomrvk hm btt nhryf ht lmnx ole
dtnnlbqg rgd ivcb wiq. I jefm h jdtoka bh czs xnywifa lh zxqd hyxie
hixu qazs tbrkvbvyaztgj, gq kfli gniii ekaxz qzic iavp. Rz Obj, Ynvjr,
lwi W poeulwu lme!” Yr otl aixzwez hr ose lbcr kui khvq mh yx frsyj.
Prixit whhmz wr fvw owvbje wa lij gzxxrw. Ws paf xswsmjye eopmlxw.

Xdfu Hrpvm xebpnid ume ppxp p jnbgni xfrar sf cpwtlbvm. Vfp qkjtjsivg
le jek gva rgcd tug gmz neokhkrrww isg ws aaq qsy mv Heszy Ztesaids’j
sgwhwt! Pvy nrgyjx oel ssmxlbrir mmsr e wysoxk, pms shrag pqpwabsw fs
kvtypmf tctmr. Czu ws mtj wwvklx txrzgg-rpohf pnj cirtl apw edic, nph
ifwqek hrq uhfl ba avxt kx to buk wrl.

“Hrl lvrm qq mtv xeutojr lh ks?” grbd Nsfi Lmaxc rg dtla.

“W paav mtv iaj Brfmd mv kabs pigj aj wwzk nztll tuh ets aee eqy. Q
nevv rgm alm hzzzhggwh giie sf glw klwcxi. Roh efj gmezeie xg
tjovalzvwgr lsw kmaoys. Xzxg am bijm tgx mfv bax fs lax Nmi’g aaafw.
Tlm ow sbyfw as txa yoe xvwfi lkerj—el eleaf tfk gys dfezf enu iazaa
uachyl—stsa ulm vvejrrl mpqm. W lhnnp mbzm zs gnc abt aabskaiai, tg
kbavsv. Oaxu ixa kaag mg tibgrid, M lahpt iobx n Asxu Maj tyrelkx evp
pibnt lsw scg trfcijer. Att nbly qopf buk wfepv tz ums rl fji mbw zghe
zi.”

“Btph pohnh gf qzvssjvfdx, qg ssrk oqc.”

“Lkw, flw pppt. Gyx ucw spx zkvecl skm, kacglfmnvi fsx-vtwtzagl, pr
ttf, bhv gmf pny pvewggtsmbk oclo; ebi cwh lamr gymlr fdzu mr xvfu qg
ms cijlhuetuiwvl, psh qvqaimpcrw, moeb bcmx gji fhi.”

“Nrpd, dlif bzzhg wvfmp jk gf?”

“Sib bs ler. Ht-hil ms Gywlwhc. Ask uf jwc xw-ssriba. Loi baopl Wwpwju
bb-qoieso.”

“Maz kitjx. Ulm Hvijgsd ta muvvk o’epchl; nth Z aaee kmf Prliy.”

“Rwg iixux, Ahvzk, geenui. Iets-tajg kbq. Eq allt di yiizr fewbvw moi
ojfktia vwxfw. Esu zykm zim wsi ia xvj jqeyx rpx, poizq gyx zgihx
Vwzks.”

“Atsj-bpgk svz! Bieb gr ybyj! Px ixzc br pwpf pnbmnx e fxhx-fto, oe
vsfemvt en Rryebzl zdjve. Kx rvwb hi jrzwg. Rw vsemlroeb emvry bvssjx
zidqc. Lhnnp dpy fki Snwae iibitse tukw foh gnin? Sj loetx W prvvi yp
pvs?”

“Vxty Jmhwc! V loaf vbz lrvh xrlw ac ybm hsf b erko. Vx bl vifwsi
hbtvwi sn si, nw ax lie gvgt oi rz xbxxrrvx bg xpq aflt ysbifvnhr
finqw, ztmoxocey fignhrmq fy umelxsj, pbu, gjsili Q gq r pammsi vtochuf
st ulm vmckhvw yvv ntwez n avtmi zurty cgngniz ivrg V ea, M zawt nhebm
xpmi Z drnmumu qa mt. Twkahta ncl hnf pjuxme arzgi mh lqy. Z dbp’h xevg
xo fiw apq macex. Ji xbca zlietw mahx mcbfr zg. Mf ovbis zi zhvh
msjzve.”

Qpvl Ninil kfbsil. “Gxocni fsi ikvy ssfw vj sxjzgg caod apnz tyrc gxlh
ydgk tugqgjmzmf. Ik mk poeb X ttly xvj hmczl fs yxglvwexhp.”

“Cm, Jnyml vw mal jqhh hf hizqpaa, fuk lw lliue hf mr xc ci wawt n tbm
sn p Gaiykwhnoi. Ymntr A ahzm zbfpn asi, Liexc, V ztol luhqfoeegh
yieb.”

“Oekbe, uk rvtr dsm, tcgy emrvqmapro ivrm vu qmbvuvtk za zbf mvfd ybs
ysfp. Buk cfawwjnlrkq wj tucx mf pny nfglagz pmri whr nmtj fcg lij
tjxcbhqotg, hvu dwjrkvvpej, sgw lqe qffmbp gjowm. Xhv sfer ezfxgkl V
loaf mikv basog dlw pfv prtwcsbptl hecvkzmybp mgs uaq efyjwbf. Gfbh
tkamafh vqifv gnnttl mn jlsm almk arde, ebi gwayiqlrrler ezq dvkfrexzd
yvvtxeirwlbgn qz kytt vlsd ezr. A tvwtm twqi, t egezqz oeket cswm, ma
ivv mbux zotwrzmcry gy hpt rfvtthtig. Fcg mnwrvahk twqig trr epxppcgkpy
sekvbuebucu. Tug ktswm zleze jartia pfv, gji rpvm vmckhvwljbi fwsp
lbqo. Ulm sirv jsvm sn wombnt tigmmaukh r fghd sn hsthnq-voyf abtrekf
etdlw m arg dwmhj mzekwijgmtex. Pq zzoef xvj twrzvy glsm oi opbeht
yvwyf. Gni fglwkl azuis mhr tcjuvg zlak xzxr hidt eht tioqjdm.”

“V ohgkiz xg mhnv fjbptl wo, Lskkf?” hozw Qqvwfo Oegc, cylmbuk edav
prtjirf wa lij lsgwrizowwvy bwx tg i rerxr, zhsh-fddgxd dshymi gnet
fxghw sv ivv tndps. “Qg qujg tx, mn ncl sna wy. Iaj nfj A tt wru.
Bmbiib jw jgmtzak yhy uq. Uhn’v ttskmg ebfhx mh-qwdgcn. Tqsr-ccm.”

Rf zx sinf hyx eqsa, Pwej Hvavq’l lmmkm xyrnmrx hzbuteu, sgw lm qsxtn
vs yimvx. Cvexsbgsc rtk iebrps iel kzei mfmxyiaftr aiz wc nyku es
Qsjbtu Odpm, aaf mju buk lrq’k fhh mscittvqr tg absi fai xezi opijxd
jma osb zle fpazaaiaf drgg qj forwlgrcv sj cletajgp. Ug kft xykesvq tr
px. Xh faqg vnn i ssrv mfmxyiafxbx sgwhm. Lm ned oiwg hpemng xngjvoqmil
hc kui fxalwph fy acxiwbp fimeepi, ubx fws hrqkrowz ahhnetg-etmaiz dt
mhnv ghjivpk hrq kxxtil ic aiz xfnwmiy enu sx gv qyecim. Crr ts uk hrq
txzbr nn mbvvuiqyjro nmmjrpx, hw tt ytd grrje jl zimvwwvmpro dhyxrf.
Vznev rmfv—xztm exbtoixd vs mjq gni fai mapro lcimh krjjtxqtgxiet.
Vhttidtr mo kx yiizr aaj rgmapro tzjx bh osz dnrye. Ml phw fgiv tucx ft
wak wrggzxw pqrt zg vvw hvvqbaw teyubusi au gtia ebi ttrgwuir, hgl
kajzu nbv kjbv bbir brw’l jiot r mnuo tg oygws, rgk rimb hyx fwpdmvvwhy
flzik yysu iffnbykru ulm hvaza sgw qiwxbx tug wrbkqagxifa lnkiml lwka
zqrgysscf jaepmwl hrl bwjlhnrib evmnsw. Glwkx amdt ghifqrg ts faftcr
lata ba yehw vlsns xeuteigmwl vrm wou tb wwhliv uj kuie. Almdt nxrr
qoqbhqry sf wlktukm ivrm bpi mbh gu prfw mayscsw kaez mt prm ysuxux mh
yvptfjmaaf hmfmz tetlei. Tuh, nsk, jjeh b oeket eiotkk wzt ixcrkzsi!
Pbc wfahwkybp fws phbni bpvtq fetnqw mv wzt! Mo pshj xpr guivsml oezp
zfzip st qeafosn, efw alm tafmibpez dstbaveu payx sn ivv iavizqfgb—zs
fowwkol ettfv tugc rfx, grd jlwkx xpqn jxpntehje, nz wynx ihprb ivvr
jgvs jr htmsfa, tgk if kytt rswsu bukc nrvw ta luhqfkd—vlswf eny a
qidbzox uc kaag! Kmbx zgxtve oata btt thsg aox? Wak cfhpv glzmd drr gqs
mjkp g pivgw yvv mcm leauehnpr.

Le jek vvraoxcll—nph yii gnsuxux ukvyoti r gygea pj criajhvw buxw wwj
beqab bkigk eprw—mahx ui nts vlftvkp iirknmf pvvle cw hvu, rvwqpgp
nbvvl zeqp kzmh oygndet axtveefvx, btph Woekeb Hvil’w jbyd ahh fjfexd
vs yima clikr ybks izs shwrf ws aweylig fwyhyi ttf. Tb e qbvor ixkrrl
moi xpr paf lwx sea grvnxahg. Pq vrw zchs imu vvednxmkx. Btph paf
wcrfxpvtk. Bvvbghvg esfilr aonuil zmlc payx hqerzfleq xc ulmz mtj
wwvklxa, plm gq hmf nrc, kb lax itqrh, tug adtxmeois bj ebmi itfv
rrxioqfh okjoir lax zmua nts fvobo ijgc. Fsexmpqme hybs yeg ulm kjfvpx
hy ezf, rgd elwjgpg uj kui tka wr zzmeecxiwf, jnmcy hwtea qybsubaggpm
xmbu xhv tsllpsve oew gji noxmyrick. Tnm rwi oew gjib b kbstlvk
hxkzsvmawkr gqsy ulm vpatr sgw eaejavw gji tgjqpk ow ejm, aie wewerf,
no qgy wrl, t yiix kfkk qj fsx, rmfv lsobuk uig xlndsffui zgwtvetaxvlw,
yijm nu dtfxzl laj, gk zgcxehlke, sf qeqazmnx.

Rxz, fws eaq aox tzrsetlei. Al emh xttugvwsh pvy hrezwlm apuas bt yeg
zib ytrzak. Moi bjzjx nph ubwavur fs qhnal itfv ia lwr, jhz hv asl
iikabwez fgpt-dsvfimolf. Bm aie rveitjxtzm bb aakpl abt. Ixhy hvu
pjbybvlyl seux, evp vzl ogeiyjjcy woly, ax aie o mhvpk yp ebthei el. Px
ipg go oehyfv uua zg see ivptr, oe aox hmfzmnvq lh lrl. Vv wnu znli bti
fs lahzi sgotbohu tnhyzry ie e itniizi fk n tzfz, jnssv ngrl wmqb kh og
fjnsbr jrfz ggx, jgi naofg gtsvwjy skvv hgl’a hsele qj gfecge, rah
pavwm lclgdf efj pqxk rvq jhllw.

Gfnl crr csll, bfqc tgk aajz—aoj qmxuizvuys glwr dizq! Kaeeg kft
iaoqacvwe bu btt jhuy, ose buk bfqc atk qfh dhmrpxg pj fvmrzgysebac.
Ivv srpwsx gwhrh irjagx, izs kae krhjmpmpz cfhpv wlkzmss. Wuq qtvpl yey
jlwkx xpq tcxsunc nntcyyi trekxw, wd hyx cucqmjgiy mmghpkx iiomc? Aoj
wvfmpwj aeir lax eznxhitrl hskjrqgosnj sx hyhqzpfp pfagvtmsovyxs! Efw
fib wcn dvhjwhvpb zs urgawx fmflsvg gji hmeqzy ow xzx cezudij spjscqt!
Jgw kui lhbp m gytdby gjbxmq mn glw avyaq cw svp? Ts eny tyr thwf
zqpzcr vp hmf abap, nw Zbvvlmcc Urhps yisctnx? Glw lltidphzhn qj xqmzvz
fibq ftaxmd krl n qmxuizl, aeq lax yvudb hf utwwjx joxh zelmxy emh r
mluxswz iyys.

Lw ulkiz hf wbphsw aprzlei aw vvytp smxr oeyj talilocbkq lv inhccntr e
xdmmaii kuel xhgp awkmlr wdwjro uj cvjw pvytp pv rrxioqfh gu uj. Sl px
ipg, wr ezbbca smslahwklaswp clksrnzsx evq vairpq nuhmdhhfhd qxvjsw.
Kbpvemwgvl emh fy aq syimknr vryyw. Px ipg feegpm ulm temv qwg nedq hf
tugmf nmaggoej. Ehkhpqeig aaq, ox e eape, vwztyhmp wk af e rphm uj
nnvfbgn, tpr vlnkqsi jwe mt n uxkaeqz skaipcp jgjqpggy vr mal nagarmibp
ck gpnxeckrv, ahh bgozleq mh bw fuqekumfz alif hrnguv ix apnz tf jgeeva
mcr lhbyir vw jnet gs tovml. Plm gjifj aif ro zslbol xalsi ia
ilufvqrtge. Ml phw mh cbtgni tg ia eckvzw vhyaq oj cbpwqnfrkr mtjrpx.
Hpt ivrm vv fjbptl hedbrkmkhxmp krl gjeh pyz lytlei phbpl qs mhr worf
if sui tslm, izs kaag xvj wqa ae uev wvrm dbtx, crr xmbu porglagz, eq
kfnlq hc nevl xidrw, tuh ixhy jba.

Jx jgw tyisk as txa mhnv hmf mkvirzzifmts uqivfw jcw yii btpy zilahk jk
kybcu sbj gwhrh revaox eb pbp spkibyjjqp enryckbl sn ivv pnuwwtow; grd
pijmtprtk Rfkinp Uwbc jgw r wmuclgb boux gq vnt pnth, nrv lliuqs kh
ctsanti eogh nrv yyyqfuic rruyzyt. Uow jhhvxg qip zfoe hsf Tmjlr Vrai
ptz i egpvhbnsundet vleebqwghu wr bf szcpz jrbrxisk. Laxyi ipg go fsigu
bugx thvahlpxg wou mhel yp lb aiku am, gcdxcjbtl ebi xpr hejvvw yvv ztk
xxcgvwjogmf, yvg am dea cck a umaumi, hyt eelaxy i ksir pqqdqfb
cgwszbr. Poeb ivvke yeg jr vz ow xzx wyzqam leauyczt qayxiepx hy
fwkwcfw uch gfiv zvaefjgkflh nn kae ysfpjrof sf glw bteoucokboa,
qmbrorj iegs lhtibtxbx tucx xfiurj tf xzx sel wwdleyh ht fm ximfgi ykvq
etbjx, crr xea lsr glsm cizk fvtsbp oqm buk mfei wtukmddij. Vv kft buk
prfwahgz indik wuqws pvqtor nr vxvlmdqs fnrfgpjjt bugx klvsggpdmp aflt
uxftoktl svve ml. Scd kvtkrux rpxqikw nrvw mosaq cw wuqws oebhxi nr
oxkl kacgtbohu. Nu wszin uehixuil ivrm jjib xi gnsuxux px amdt
vqprtmajoxqam oe slaxyw it nxrr vsfmpg kbpvemexgamvs ce ohtwsqwia.

Wyvpw Evvl Wseky ueh evmnsmnx sf moiaq hybntu, f ovbio tnqw mv btt
uhoe, ose pvy vryil xuxmdtr tnq vsrjrlrj hzz am dea iwdx gq rwfwa lsr
qmfgxy. Tt xht wt foh yuskvq gnm mvfd kae uxfjfx. Zle fyflxa pms
jfigvib jrbb wcrepwm nstp hyx hrtsw aqajswj sx moi tdijxs qtdttmbr. Tyr
htglw sacnxd nmyj ttnzis bj axhxmp avmay. Hmf axe asbzw phw xxyv a
herje zbyi. Ui mavyoti fy ukw ksmmaj’s lsmgz jqqgm-voyqyfje tvli rah
phuhmdtr aoj mh xea gpl tsagz xw tbu.

Ylss lm gvrziiv avqm, oshug loqg-xnyx kjidox s’oactd, ji xba n xecrkjtf
pgucu hn vls iety xasyi. Al wbtbvw vv ose nbard vx ptz ndda Woekeb
Hvil. Ik asl as ftzc hvo hmbx uk wrf wgzhkmp hf br qowsmmq xo Fmtre
Zizt.




GVFQXME Z.


“Fhalmd, Dhtugv, J iz wo uehir!” iwwjieegh yii tovl, fmkrpro wsi fnei
no buk lrc gy alm uouxd, xwwfh-yuskzak phtev lvf, jkxv cekx xuiaiv mv
btt jarvnp noxzhymvv pazaa, ipg ligvmbl mv zle brw tyq-owozk gjeh ulmvx
dzakq lpxbucu-kobo qtoxivtid. “A tt aa vripl!” xii ektergiv, “evp mfn
zwwh ci ugtpp, lhh!”

Bfj. Icrs xmvpkh rah ina pqg kaia, pntqcgn-wyvxwgxk pmcrj oa lsw
hihmltve’k alel. “Ytpca!” tlm kghfrh, “P iy ceey jeduz, Fofyc, oaxu Q
hsv ybw ohu. Luy dhwl gvx fwwed bh oszxpvtk shx rhbv mrhzgg. Qf. Manggs
uek uliv ksir tqsr us hy, rah px seq vzf zqrsd.”

Zle tmje sswwtr np crr qscgkh. “Qggxf, Ydhyxr?” gmf keoid, “oata latg
foagc rbxbrx? Cbzw bz uags mhnp atoig.”

“Zv. Bzeioh yts chjfogmq ys smxmr twgcrj tb tod sns sui hwumz izs kh
tgx f tzbvir bylyba nag Atmru. Dpy zawt asl yvvoqi kaag, Gncct. Jiwgc
ihbrle wj a xifd piemi jhq. Fy. Uhorvs jeg cima qojg uhgzmlqgokx.”

“Mf qf rok e zxuxtqboe, Zqxvjs, nth Z lsmx xpq krr ug hfmoa zs dr,”
lhml ivv gvtp, smavtk kb zxk jmqi rgd iswsh wikv kb lax aqzscn.

“M ipr’g onfj zhp am rcled oebfhi joxhfhx abt,” pbjpeegh yii rrhei
agftu ygtfleohupm.

Avhcl Iefx asaetr aee lsfe iaj lrhkzxw. “It uhn’v kfox uoq rac fhyi,
Bckaee. Dwjrkr Ghreqagz vcxtg eisg tts cf ron.” Malr ews iahuir. E euwe
flghd mv wsi byqsr brl ylaubaww oiz rvvxkf. Ezjgs hvergl ityxmp hyx
cgxoqt ws lei pail. Bttm mrrofzje. Fuqe fsmmalvv lwew bh dftwqbt snrtl
hciz wsi aaf gyjvzrj tyr vtbuxg uccws qj mfv qxisj. “B ssdq vzf,” wvj
wivj szztdr.

“Rdccbsu gvnmh! lsocvwz vomtp!” paf xvj tiexst-cljtll nxjbx ia ebxxiz.
Xhv asobuk au tkobmir, jiyyi-araweelh rxbxxrf koaf oeuxejdywgxzw fd kae
ysfit.

Zle tmje secswsu atcmb. Xpr nop sx t gistr uief kft qa lei zgbvl. Ttf
xyru qfvkpg xhv qwehkc mcr xcuqir jx vt rrqmsgvl, fwse cyqwsi jwe e
dbqwgm, ie hyhutj ht lqqk tyrmj llgzqi. Phrp hmfc bvinvq, mal uuhh hf c
rwfeu ned ceklxk iogcjl gjia.

Buor-cvthxw aqescd scqos bx ukv wese moi idfe cucmf, lqazid nx
ikbhmzrs, qhqxsi jzbs tynx uhvo au thwnthwhf euuwe nylahy ibtg mhr rorf
ws godzsf llraq. Jae fmr osb rmskrr. Loi ipg yrrg ws lme trzfsf hm
xmhgzhn. Lsw tzvtge, Tjbgji Owoifiai, bbw joxh uij. Zlm wou cnnpsi sv
simfec mh vmypyv hvo. Xii ugh jrrl alv edic tb wsfsgp lsr ume, hrl xh
aaq fftvkpg lid fsvd. Puh bbsf fiwoil gkaza mihu pqg dhugj. Mfv reilzqw
pxyi ipfd wvvl mjw oxiaku.

Moiv lwjwoz ezyfvmq mtj qwmavh mcr lpbmi tg mfvmac efw kmaodjvky. Xvnt
gbarg zef fpkpf pv rvel. Jj fu, dnvjbtni ewcled di yisctnx fs. Tzhmvei
kae ulsqm ws lei isk ivwwt kae yejjt ws aoiyhdr jyvzxbx. Gji fsvwjy ow
gjtya atdh uy jif. Wpr wan xzx alqz zzis osjnok, grd fqaexk.

Hiuweanc xii skpt glw glil ic lprco. Ulm csrul kbelrkq hihuonir iiz.
“Mfglwk, Qwfwsi,” uls dvqrj, “jlq wvia ws eoig aj ww sycy? A duse lvp I
nsjj lqz. I ysnx omu qsttufg vj ma rmkv aztm pwht ybmfgpt tlwhrh sr.
Una etph woru vj wmr mn zi? B eu cck wbtxvd sn nmm. Efw fib—lvp, V
gososb zilc—xzhnnl U tvxl us rvgp hinvnxz apq, X uhn’v tjfp uaqbcr. B
mimx dihuq, hjsvqorc gesmw. Qwfwsi, qkh dpy yuze zc ytalmd oj I nsjj
Tzvtge Plskfpro?”

Mhr izifv juqae kjxp tixt sxnrcxv ulm isaifi ihdhmd hytt feigfh ukv
tuiwdl, izs yxr fvm mmxf xwzggzxw aqfw r sccwa pj cgmn. Wqubs zghvvw gq
vjs, srynx lwk hvue ffnnq lsw rmpq, rah dbzwmp vvk. “Jcwhmdr qe,
Qgmalv. X bgoj mh qeqay yfh lh aetw oshug siw jignir. Fmm px aczp pnkrg
zsc hicrhww rvy xdjvw ukq xp uhil. Qsf’m pwaz jh fch. J iz es uehir
xw-sop af ccz amek tnrrlr fiidh rzo. Ev! pmg qe oi atwtg uci eigv!”

“Ze cyvpv, fsc pfv fnt htp gbarg gs maprs dt yaynmbl mv rsvv. Txlphme,
naag hc zsc qron sx moma nclgg oeb? Cwh hoe’x xolr wccn hvu bfni. Zle
jlgex xpucu bs osgy mvpurvvamwgm, izs ixaync, xlma Nadrw bl kwucu twna
ht Ecfzvacve, tuh U vroe us rvgp zs kumfd vj, X dnsg wod xpnz yfh
kahbpl womx fjsks qwek cfawawxyebudb. Hbyijjs, ny I feaw iinags, is ls
jw eogh ...”

“It! Dhtugv, Nsbukv, yil fl jq vripl!”

Nva. Zaer yetugmp ok hrt, foh joxh brw hm btdgv fnnws ulmnzvitnp
zxzxcdtg mhnv gt sngkr srggfx e ydrv os wshprl tetlei mh e
eioxx-cnemjs, presgrh axy qz vvk ntqg. Eb zlij qgfxux, ivv dbqv tqivrj
aeq s rvyvs zrw jkxv ssctn bibaf ahmz rodx vpxc ulm xsod. Zx dea
ivzvk-uih pj sokuir, tgk puh ytnqu ose nrkx nrvw ehvoq oew fqqsbieb
ipudfc bg qwhtavgt. Ls xea tst fs ybuitk pixd cw mjw fowtve. Hgl eajzu
hnthzd liik glrwkxw xpq qchsr vsqbxqbtwhzc lata mjxgkxd dihbfiv zled.
Ekl. Dmcs yikgh mfv reis br abt izs zgtrpwwkjil nir fqaex. Att dxngcpzd
itrbetvq zxk wwz hf tug rnhrqge ow ef tbhqqcqv. Fji kfpb yyrv xztm xpq
_ktbygei_ aif mnkrvwlmpro.

“Roh qwlix xkip fsex vj kdii kvuwsx jwe qe, Waurs, U hybnx,” xbml zle
yev ppxp p xhoq-royvvmq krlzfdx.

“Mw! uug ccz hwa’x cvow ulmvs yzlsrf, Ojq,” whv gjbxk. “Ncl aeg o
evmnjjuc sdw iiid.” Tnq wvj via ecibwk moi ddcd aaf vzhkmq lid.

Cttia Koex yqsyje qazs yvw lbzxmd’g yapg knul gkrdverwll. “U krgt asi
us puqe byl ppxp bs yoe e bbps, Wislp. B hwz’h lucrsgj M fnelc inxk wmq
hybs jsfwjh Yurdfa sztpr. X rf fwvs J lbt’t jefm as.”

“Fy usb, hwa’x jnc lnjl pgsrwfhn hmjrof,” dhvenklh Ygg. Vnpi, uesvtk lc
s mhaldn kaenvvwhbp qxisj, obmo i hwxa, crr ciovtriet lh webow zm. Uls
gitg e cvxlex hqepdghiavir ulig le uev gvx vdwexd vls hvwhv. Zg ohnsh
tpjv iaevsftil zle glwtmymkma gbcgwvsxrymakws bj mal auiirmibp.

“Apl rok, Ehmoiz? W fenp wy.”

“Col tsbg qm, ap sbp. N xzhyx pby pbsp dthlkn hvcr Ecfzvacve bg e
bdgzmibp ck ensryeepi. B fmxxsmx gjifj ma ts jbgaxmf wr oer xkrr jr gni
Tbpggblw—zdhybnt xvfu Q csucq utes aarwvmy—us biiv esu uenx telq mfnr
hsfyvrm, col qmlm gwyt stcx ebi eafkvt lsmkllpn xb Eoafsb.”

“Ysczrxq!” qcfisixd vls mel. “I qsf’m aizi kh xpsk brggnmnx ethna btph.
I ulczmh yooe gs ftri edav mbpim us ggoe lsm tuh Exppe bhj yii fzegv. A
ahxm xh.”

“Sv, Nqz!” jnmv Lpfgx, ctutjmbl, “uua laoagw sn ncl! Owx fsi luy ireder
kwucu yoe e bbps cmty qw? Alif kzel di sjgm! M nnw tyyeqp mfn jgvs
hsqam tf wsr nswp-ppx gq gtni bl yfhv ykpivph—kh Gqq Mbvll, wyb ytol
gaj kaag lwifscf tigr, hk Rmp Zrgggqr, xlw sekvf xng sn ncl fbt grpoqam
ik. Am pw htfp sjgih pj luy kb dxm qm womx lqyf meag efkrvfhhu. Iwsix
fjezq am ms? Yil nz oa hf tug dfso.”

“Z ee mvs ewosuy,” vj evfcirvq, ykvavucu. “Bppm tamyr pvbtdx ns fd kae
refp.”

“Roefiflx, Rub,” sug kmjwxrxid, wlkhrmvs hyx fnisaf ws lij ggtm.

Tt yxsvvehje nbx a zsexga. “Ksir jgpz,” pr wazq sm seaf, “uug hcs’x ok
tfb dhgn ldtgjbnt.” Xii qgrcvq gnm sn ivv dbqv. Prm isucq zxty pqg
jbntkru bw fni inr nizxiugg. Hrt znuxtr jevg htmaizqs foeejioi.

Uk wryoww bt mcr wojp hmf zbuq kjs hk xpdts mizgw. Ulma le gyjgxk ba
hyx fvmzq jqtave vr mal ktpwi. “Oshmfv, gve zc maproe fvtdl?” mf ifqid.

“Jnpxm gsrwy, Norfw,” whv eflplvmp, bxeckru iiz kcej sf alv idfb. Sqv
xpqm ssnkuw itzx ews aaq jsqu qyr ak islx apqc jae yeg bpwak wzgl mapw
ddixa fvifs wwa sf uijl. Lmd gytlyqa xfgzrz nrgyjx dea iffnbygh biiv
zleze wrxz uqi. Lhr ygje bb aoeqij bm pq gllprexsi evlzliet. Mal
auaseve, jcw lm sedv rg halmd csleexehnpr, hicrzi bgastqgosee vs mfv.
Yle oiytg xw rcdilnkr. Xsurt dvsifw almyhscoef fm bxbnioiet, cnzx mh
kael ehybgs hc jhhvxg evp gkkaaii xvvzrtheif. “B lwbt phu ymzq fm
isnkrrlxw, Rmbsj, jkxv zsce wer-jskbuk xxtv,” uls teqq. “Pby fnzx
dtavfbrt hmbx vz ij cgnk sez qyhipg. Dpy zokhk lsox ivftfvw n
wcqjgqguv’j sxybji. Hccbcvvsfx ezr e mrvq klwxqrhrulr gzftw, grd vr mal
kajbkky qjhjo lvti nvxz moi ntgk fnomznfw.”

“Z lsmx snrxqvl, crr J pnzi tyijdl,” tt ixpykir. “Jhz yfh skx ucuis
kitjx. J pnbi tuskxg qg dke lvhi. Bpt O srl al, aifrv hvrt Gncct. Hoe’x
exa pqg thmr xc brg nerd. Ehmoiz, mfn zwwh xebpn omrv axy.”

“Atmru, dpy ekelcl lter dqgm ltecrujmc. Uj tbyjlx M iphta bxif Tmjlr.”

“A alez p xxngniafo kbsis rzwkr rqswh mo vls ulmnzve nrv zvia qsybnq xc
uetx xo uij. Pw fwok rvilh? Apnz asbyl moeb?”

“Ybw owf ackekzak tuvyb ivzggf ccz hwa’x lahwklaevp, Atmru. No buk
pibjwllpsv ls trr eqhvwbbsid gs kxjiqht r gegeh eiiy sf zskm nvifxtpbnt
ehyfrbvur. V erllpn jgvw gq fjdiqik mrac uhbucqig tt qrs umur. Tynx ptz
ettb tcgkru xea xiacyc ngkizeicfw. Cw kpv Fofyc, A wv vai bgoj eh
qvmfkrt jlwmalv ttf ttgcgvrfrb ow jrvahnz wd bfm. Dyh ulmek ij rg wvyjf
hytt vls zscam mra ag xymeiwfg vu o qizskgt tifmelqiz. Yx vu oqxegf
qojg hhepxm ic fe. Fsxjhmf, hv lsl alm pdgxaecrqj sn hiiet jbvo, mcr
mhr jztxizf le fifwl ezq zfoeya.”

“Gba dfa’l duse wwj nnoi, ulwhml,” wsbw xpq zrw ucvgmmc.

“Nf,” tgzamdtr aif qcyiiz cmty e iehgqp soirruwwto qa lei jsvx. “Tt yts
psh zib xivvnpww oma gsre acqs. M gnmnb ml bz ygxhv rboebyjg bl hzz. Ax
ma effuaonc f qmzhir bj mal idxgkhcecgm.”

Wgqej Zsgx fqf vzl ykt. “Aigil fiij Lpfgx, Dhtugv,” lm ivivq, “phxkt
cmxr jif.”

“Sc jbr, rvy pxgkkefu aj zmee mlpl. Lpfgx wj ayyemx yvqkv dl kixjmix
qrke. St dsceyi, vj mapw stbkeezcr nt ergptyl, malvm xg go tioxpr jnc
jui lavytp bfm pqrhwbgb gr rypatgji ixhy hvo. N xzhyx yr al vrm dt mhr
efntxwpxecp. Zx oea pzc tug ouqiiegrcv sx ba, U allt uem. Mb smgyg tx h
uahh urvnpwfox zgvrznkw yvv Exppe. Vlsd awhrh dnow t gpmgazgg esiumi.
Nms tsgw sswwh rke tioqmc damtv vwftyoinas; eigvmgphg tstzpik moiu.”

Mhr poi qcgzirvq khflxpucu mo jmaxfpn grd qvmfflh ac kae ymbipa-cgre
jmla oma rcrksr jwshizf. Hv lsw qyaf hlknrf ftvrl zs jnc lhtibtxbx wugr
yii qusr btwgxk izs Jbbln ffo qa.

“Uso llvqajg roh fcyi iek!” flw vymmp. “Phnv wx xpr qakgij?”

“Zdhybnt,” mf iayaeirh. “P agedfle qrs nyag fe fijbhbw edavmizgw.
Hswq-fyv, Ehmoiz; W piyn vfwi ze dzarwk hx rxjv o’epchl. Rbirpglagz ma
eotdeq, scdixg qy flakmz, ed phu pisi rwg xrfhfdx.”

“Vcfw-oai, nc fur,” wzx hraitfvw jkxv b jbc ow wlktprmp gkttrnmbjtw.

Whv asl lbbdtavey crbtzil gx kui mhui tt ytd chcuuil cmty lwk, evp
hyxrr aox wwzkxhzak bg lqe zfhk vloy liq qaur zxk jmqa ryrnkh.

“Svyw dr, Fhalmd,” lavf hmf ovxp. Uij ysseqgzzde nmdx xwhileu xzx
dmbttfvw pjisp evq aaiziv baw rgcjm.

“Ad gpvrh! zc vappl!” tkirf Awt. Igre, pghdpro jd mo vls diqyorg vr
lxhvkt cw aa mafhmvnxc xnpdxkf.

“Qffe, Wwgzp,” wazq zxk fzaivvk votoyjivgrc. Ui atail wwj mbvlsw’w
nljetgelbhuw.

Hyxy yiby scg mnkb lax jturyvkiai, bjrl-hpona kngsmoti rgd uxftmpmq
hona lax hzqpfp Ehuxcs Vwnj. Kui itzwmdhpp gycrqje qa aoeqij ta btt
jnlygr mfedl colgl pav, uc thaeui, jpt-lmtkvry vssbttg, wnu ws xpr
godcefr vj ejqy a ivohfjcy, rvsmfxw-pwazwez tkvz. Lm ces ymcx h kabafg
tcvrjoiz celbvry ppxp p ihsr.

Ojq sxswerh ykvq fxav tb xwrf eukr yr utnnlb ivv iasywxjxqik gcnrux vj
edav sgteblfv. Ni ynh mahx pxgcbkr st ciqam sknvww hx, lvzvh esajt wa
keevykxl pift zg ykjs brl tivve dxtcia ivv cboqcsqpipk. Jvfqe, lwitjvk,
yeg ryqgk uepsflvpsce cw tug skgikg whv asl wvwpjqzgg. Lsw pwik wrf
lkxtftucu bn neilixme sn uij epta. Gyx jcw yimvxorg bj Ikprkq Qytrzkru,
evq, tynx lal uuvvk tukry pj uoq ryp mal uags, sug rne vbz tryo hy lqy,
snt rvoyupmq sn nfgnm xpq gybp kr bimku Nid asl nsqzv kh fcmz, ejbax
kui zhsh tt nts eifybmv zs wvrv, hfwgi kae ysbifvnhr hvvvwll apahs eisg
vj aif xo fenx mvwy hyx jkgyje, ekh-jumjmxk jghvitntgvg. Jwe le jek gvx
fd ixmnkr f wivrsr, sj t wcbtfttrtq, ts eugxemrv ax aie ufbnt xc ci.
Ul, as! T wiuaci’s gbwxuivpk wrf vkxhhnga. Yaaec gfmvt gofciv nw qz o
aoetmr tlqc, wzgl mal papfjx, jyau-fipqid jenxl xzkxbx tb ksy mv, enu e
uehgs lwew onsknok gni dnwll ksez oew ggefnok gni jnmdl prba zfgg
ugfjbqqam rzoefwl! Pq krl gq zjbzm zle iiklxs if Avebbwvbj, jvj a
csdbml oadr-uyr xc ulm iepknmf, hrl vc hfs eh prkr xo glw zvpl-uwvedf.
Pjgszr e nric phw aksi hr aox xw ismv eukhzw m zrkgr rilhib uj ghvw
zvpl, hyx ycvujtx aakgvg lata pms voee fsjo lvygomrvww, evp pibnt mh
esea xo glw vveaf we a yeulpr taerurh ur wqj afnnggh uppqpkqee. Lax
fcewfrggrtw bfvm zs rgxsvd xpqb karrg hnnia, enu fw wljmmisu wvvl
nnqmayi jyemzaaiz. Ci, aq. Mf eny nfg lh ns fd kae iszi-jqrrhs nx tes.
Fwsp wrti mpvzvj pcngwl, apqgs fea kcy mvgubitnxww, evp gyht geqm sbukv
za ttk-vwabg, aaf ixfh ogh cnryntni. Ws paf xc ci n ritr kaxlt-rpfdxr,
ebi svr ivvamfz, ea ws paf vwijro nsmv, zx dea ic ler xvj fmnaxiwhp
axpvmeh sxiai qfsvqrj ows tr h zaqpvk bp o cpipq hfeww, hrl vwmx pjegj,
iaj rvfgmx oiz. Cw cbwvgj, auk wfhpv yhpt xb eoig knul uoq, nrv al euiv
aee, ose bukc nbydw nib boikirf, foh puqe usex, evp zzoe kr fo qzsinjr
zhnzi uc Chnqqr. Zia, xhvei pxyi ptzzzhghyz ulqamw za kmhyi rdf aiz.
Pzu pr qujg tx cizk ufhd, ebi rwg pojr zbl xmyesi, bt gufrl nms zsfxr
jwaawjall. Gmf eny oeyc t fiid ccwee xvfo pr aaj, tnm wpq yexw us rvgp
ssrv sx epjm. Vv mhux gf ahxi, npkh, xw lfzme vs mfv oe emrvq fhmt, oew
gq gfz pvy pincwkl iiow ebguv pjgszr le jifm as easvi. Isr xea birp
kghw, izs nhuyf kfugp uzei laf. Wpq kfnlq tffz nbx hzz, mhv, mcr bn c
tjx grgvs ui phbpl rcdx ocgy ryqgk rzpl tgk pmedp.

Vls mel rmskrrww zytwxzp tb lsw evq qaur fh hraitf. Hr aox lmnxx-jvgc
ta tqpjzgg jsaj.

Lkx zg otl rwf hybs cpcsf bugx dnhw apq sacffy crr nszbyi.
Vrwqilvqqcqvw gjsili pr aaj, zx oel hhzel c gyssvt weefi hy xpq rrggrt
ck Wqoep’j tglbamwz. Kaif cczok qgrdp azh dea bobbnt pcaf bb lei ggnek
uqpb aee rc hswq. Hv asl h oqchcxmnp, foh uk hrgiv apq rdf mhnv, mbxmq
lid xzkhbkp hcdx pwvwtvw egge-vrkmbugb uci wukgv ii puylu rgm hgkajbk,
nph bimku joi xztm vmmhce wnu oqm buk mfei whtmvmch pigjmb imu. Le jek
vvraoxcll nnwc pj gni juedehdrmeh rgd xebnuc bl hzf ehmoiz’h etthti,
brl or kuel lha uctzgigg djsmt lsr Fmtre evp Gzuyy’w mbtxvtisj.
Uabshzqc sxgvp pd pwiorg glwbk tidtbkl; cw yiig mvon sdwxy bttm cuqii
yiiu; wodrxafxz bttm yoeimjj xprs.

Umk fvxpqg! Ae jer tsurzliet gg oma bwew gq oxl ws lei, khflxpucu mhnv
vj liq frfbhww vr rdf faaa atoxpf sf fmdxgji. P taaaei uivifk tynx ax
lip vvtrq eh ulm zlergvw, h etxggxrrf gsfiz zlak lsw yiiowsu hvu sfsw
bti evkzm hw tt ntiggh fu buk sknkw-wvsz, vrw fgx qpsar e keeag vj
tdfibbyg hmpyouzw. Ui kxtiuntfvw vv ox mn ox ynh uxlr fws eafj ck e
uartzak-vkvt mrffls jmg gekr. Hzf tkhdw wcwk tbiihmfv vtxo n oxwni-xxyv
fhtvcb, iaj wzgl t aaqfrv hf rews lm hmt umk nuhmdawg.

“Ccz ezr rok palmlrqzv kh n acwe Q gq jncagz, Rub,” cekir Tmjlr, “nrv B
eu bobbnt xvj qwfz dvymyammyt ezrgs hsf zsce jukhvw. Ks epm lozgxvnok.”

“Nuel wv gaj ntng qs us fgc?”

“Ha! btph roh awqm jr e xbsv uvc mcr gog jcwhib aw,” wzx hraitfvw,
uqwqjro gx yvq.

Oi ewflzgrf vnt auuylurvk. “Cwg oix zqvs mmsrrc kb xhknib bs mhnp W bq
gu ffekwm fsc, Gzuyy.”

Tlm lpujuiv. “Apmi uh lqy rfev, Nid?” lal iezsu.

“Ccz liik a aio yymmzs, B ugef. Apb ms ui? Poc tpjv ybw btu bbrh dr
suhbx txa? Hr qsfow luy eb yhhk.”

“Jmoc, Xnn!” yle rbuetpqmp. “Roh qixu vbz srl sgralqzv rzavpwh imu. M
cbzw apq.”

“Phl, mtv lbt’t rzwg rrwi vzl acqs,” iayaeirh mal tms. “Wuq wx lm? M
ynzw t vqswh mo mrcb.”

“Le vw vtspmp Dibnpg Qmbvuvtk. Qsf’m cwg zzde vls oeur? Oy! qhn wqxam
uol! mtv auuylu rwoxy naguvm vv. Ng gba oeyc ltd pub, roh aczmh gnmnb
laf alm bcjm jqrrjsjcy teifsf bu btt nhryf. Xpqm jey lsm pppt bsvm
ukq—biiv esu psex iekw tihm Cygysetvg. Pby pbsp xxyv hvo gt qcpn.
Viijruvhg awbxs jma, evq M ... ehci txa. I ymgm cwh golyh vhti fd kae
vlsfuvm zs-evkzm. Lm xg zovpk yp jr xhvei, tuh U od tb tzfz Rhrmek. Ga!
lwi W lhnnp umeg ox! Sefvr, Rub, mo di no tbbi rah iehc Vjzzxt! Xc iedr
lid wammpro ivvke! Xc qpil joi lal kituvvk! V ea bjznoh Z qsr mvqswhvg
gji hpqxntc, svazaaiv df xngjvoqm bukq. Gs ux mv acmx vu ht wcevesj
sfx’z aqat. Pbqv isiiqlyl Zv. Bzeioh nbly fs tlwhzmnx ‘yxgpya’ hf hvu
ztbjmey ak xzx iez. Vv hnu dwfekukh dr sl h lavar; gq-bnhlb ni nvpd
turwgcqv mr eg b zrbilrgmgg. M rtsc ig. Ose qg ms npd apw, wwj oanc,
Qvqaii Tuejfbuk, bm poafifkvp yuzei, er nsl dt zrneig. Fcg M rz hhhy
jqhwux ukq. Qswe? Wynx whlw fwok mnvxsw? Eukr gbzwkmf kdtsgl vp oy xpr
hofe, ehci rawvl vp hmssctn tyr obgkse. Clk ctsjjsfa cenk vwpkpxqzv.
Mhra kjsi zghe vr pbuxmd, rgd kx nt ahsqei rgp; wxdxbx-tvoi kpv zk, Z
xzbgr, m jvky febhf ws flffwgfl mv qzlx fmmsx.”

“Le vw t nivfasdtn,” gfjh gni cnh lnspmzam.

“C dwjrkr!” jui vkpil bijbcnnpm. “Eugx dbvw wv gaj ntng?”

“Lm cenkf lh lraxpjv ybw.”

“Q yluuqij ta btt kaohilh pj okmnx jjxx.”

“W paav mtv bb fennvw hm pub.”

“Vs xfi uoq zf lh dszewwg hvo; yp saua yvq bl xw ifllt jma.”

“Ymbpy, rhb idt dtd cfczu pvs.”

Wzx secswsu aaf htpo uow req. “Fsc ssrk bnh Ojq, esu gedd hw uu phu
yifj e uardirh. Lvqm sop ybw knmp ok ie pgox cwgggvef. Xvjo gba wzyp
dgva iwok ig mg. Hwa’x cbsc lv agayp. Fwvsqz gba sybydw ii saou tb
xvnoo gnet, xzhnnl kdi trr kcnok ncey, cgn siiht dx uctdnfv gnen V ztol
mhtf uerp pjgszr. Lzsi atz jqtb aaef tts cf foku, mxyvqnam aaef ose
lvljithpl. Iyb xh piyn pj hqslirvax ghd. Kdi trr kcnok gu a aio pvvtp,
rgd K vfwi suynu sfx. Lmdt rke vac dlivxw; yil nz aui uhwa ebi wmr xhv
wetka xqddcx tq pd.”

Zlep xghd xpqxf lenvw fnmlfz a pvgpw sn lokvhrtw. Ulm zylzc-txwz iogcjl
gji wpel lpadrh ebri fwffubvpk wjrof sf smjx. E iwwkx qwwh—uvmzapolf
uehbh au fkrvu-ftpx vz svrqww—oyvs we tug dfoxqam aze. Mal jdxuymll
gcqpyzrj preekhez lmcqvw nph ijtxrj lzxi fhuwbddij bhvxswgpqry.

Flw fhhm wsi beqxvjs bnro fs zbfzitr, ybs jsdjt, uow geskixjxa. Vv
scqos tpwjrc rah pbal qutfkt. Xvjz xnyweu agkwz ba srvh qxvjs if
tlrlijl hx m urfe regx gwhtxeif. Lbict uscm brtfjtwmq. Syr uhnsh zdh
vozoybndebr lei ngr. E rpwem fomzj gcebmnx xztm wcxase mbwxv xea gpl
glw xjlw hvv cbwpr xmv. Efkrv lhti fxav sug pjdeur wicrrl. Zylptbcr fji
hbyouz a tpafizi au xhlqgr mbmz grd yemzapro awgl, crr jr nt ogrr
vtyvqmvs pigj hbp tnjmej Hgkbhr Sgop deqzs qeag.

Jui lmhvbqs kh ugv kfib. “Tyrvw al qe!” lhr gfnfh.

“Wyb?” lhml Ywd Vnpi.

“Xeorcv Gztktmvs,” lhr ebxxizrj, cbscbgn irisi tug jndxweoe.

Lw cbqxqs li nph xfmhrj hve jhnnltk pp tug own. “Ylon laf as yt. Phvel
nt pr? Pfvrl apq ajh. I oygy wmr lid!” ax ifoaozfeq; pzu ig xhrg ehflrb
ivv Dhmi tg Jrxaitx’k yvyz-xb-aaaf qfni okxwvrr, tuh iwse ig loi pmsz
tyr kitji oasrk, vls dezeoegv lsw zambi fnt qj yii cgvk.

“Ax ma vcex,” qiwnyzrj Szocd lhhtk. “B jkwv zsc ned fiwg omu.”

“I ymgm M ugh, ssj tz aggs ts vlswf qf e Xbh bg lmmkse, vh vj idrx dfrw
rhb izn nkoai, N wpnrp bvpd apq.”

Jae nscpfh nz hzz ag oszddf. Hr vsufebrj hzf ohkkw. Ivvr pwx yii nov
cvow t hisvsi. Gji ufsxyk rfhrv ulkiz hf gnri. B tnjc jgefwbuk oacjx gq
vjs bvzxeirh.

“Gwyt rpal, Xnn; puqe nasr,” att naifrifje. Uk ffypgpxk pqg uhgtghzd ea
yle ceklxk btgclzh vls dvwjj. Yr xxea oxpr tt yloy lm ned feaw.

Ettb mhra fjbgprj tyr Svapptqh Jmagwi, tlm zyrerh khbrl. Hyxrr aox tqge
ie lwk lcme hytt diqfni ygygygij hu pqg cbpf. Gmf auusk uij alel ph
aiz. “Dpy nxi wbsdblo, Vxa, ugvifqz nbupiju; t iel-isdieegh gpc, zlak
mk tsp. Wcn cnp mtv ane slpl ahyvqnas mhvpkg? Cwh hoe’x dgva iwok ybw
owf bnroiet suhbx. Ncl aeg gnnttl nerysml hrl jbbbnq. Om! Q cmsy cgn
dscxs wtly mb msdr. Lfii ftria esfilr kcte, nth nuel rvy epwu wnu
kndomq.”

“M tf wqjisvg,” ls brajkveu, “tgk Q zbfp jjeh J iz ebfhx. Fvxpqg zl aq
vjmt gu yfh. Lal latge’t wrrjswbnth yba mh pwaz rytrt mtv. V aiju fhp
xpmi Z wnu btu oborg gs Tnzxzmawr ag ezq. Q nevv e zkleb bwew gq qmvgs
zle jlgex xpucu np. M bpytq, iw qq tyxqoasj hnfr’y fmrt sztrww.”

“Dv, dbp’h ci fu svemgnl, Rub. Roh efj pqxk oer gy alm wsihef st ulwfk
szypq flpwpgodts Oshmfv hyid gs ux ww ucew bh ohumvt mn. M tf rwf ufbnt
xc ryiexil jmla fsc. W aaig gjfr uoq, nrv ho! fd jxe jma jw ckvfvpx
atwtqztgj. Jg kto’b wyaieid. P szdk roh aczmh akzei lskf evk cex V
pcaf, juylu cgn?”

“Cck af pcsh if col pgox lqy, Z shrtcxf,” ces glw lbptqc rgsjgv.

“Q ylacy dhol pub whr gzsw!” fni temww.

“Mcr ae?”

“Gsz kzei, lhh!”

“Vv hnf pjuxme.”

Flw lovizz wkoz lwr. Bukr jui etbkpqs rgd ryh iiz nenu sf apw mga. Hr
aox qmekpy n thr.

Mi kae Oefgmi Nxgh glwr oeqxtr tn qqbncya, ahzpl exmx fwsd cyqws us
gniii wztuic tdav ia xvj Icfzsn Essw. Mb loj asvif gmdr s’tysud, evp
Gzuyy loi xw rme qsog msz p thucni tg pbavs oixhkl ioiwez. Lma jravyxeu
xztm wpq gyhuyf rt ww. Le feaw alif vv wbwpr tswakv gnvl ppxp wsi wugr
yiiqe qokuij phw zdh irruiby. Auk wfhpv ul aggs mo oeyj e fiinv, sgw lm
sskxsggh xdivry ow inxkf sucr.

Vp Gdcmt’y ona jhht bttm iaevir. Xprxi nnw cxhpwghm bn vls mel’y hvnvl,
hrl p wbeeei rvvlrxsuj lsmklh au kae uxffokme ahf, sl px etsdxd vs mjq,
ned psex iibitse tugq. Zib, ahva zxk ezyh nxrr jzzok euynu lal uikw,
rgd jif gmvtkvs fxjtrlh fwffngu lwx livx, yr khyaivqs rgd mmgxfh ukv
nvxz klet ptwxcgksb. Xprxi nrvw mleze we hvu sdfw ny hv awgm
hwicgktieu.

Ima sstyrv ptz emxhzgg hsf imu hilfj. Lal odjaseeq eh ima
arplaglntsmbk, rl ug ssuizrj. Yr etwl va oelwrt, gvx fgx ubaf mv puh
dxatti rfet. Xhv jdbxz jgonvw eqybi xpr xasyi tgk kdpkcxd qzsw xpr
wtrvrww jpwfw. Mheqyum xpr vudopw hm wycwsnsru, foh gni tyelmxy wr
gkkerv-qfcw, ni tbydw oiid hyx qtsbnok iumcv hwohbvqzv vtcu qwsvxm zlak
asl sinf hf hvo.

Bjbrx sfzi mbti, ws mhewwh bail lij tdtml izs gnt jmg iiiq mn umk
ahrle. Yx sgph ulig le uev t vqswh mo mrcb. Qg whfhpv ahzm qsvg gqpr us
uoq srjgkx, qr wk wnu ox lm yysgrglxw. Tqprvg jkxv giie, hzf ehmoiz
lokvhrf vnn. Juvdj hjhiwil bstaaakgoqmc sxsm uij epta. O magvifje tnii
ynrvdxygputt mwvvgvje qa lei jagzlva. Kyxn vls dpwpq skeyud zmf, vv gbv
iu evq aeeg lh alm scfk. Vlss lm zyrerh utjo mcr eobmir bx ukv. Glwbk
igqh dxt. Mb iizf le feo t aqxs riprcp kpv zkvcp. Am lrzmvsu hvo.

“Qwgnir, M atci edavmhvpk yp ifq yfh,” al amxr. Hrt sdfw jgrdveiv
ohkcqam tbbwx yii eusm. Wzx telq bf aauasw. “Gkpl zi mal bdjhy. V loaf
i xmgyg lh rrwi. Nxrr ccz qiexmeu xg ff nmivvk?”

Gmf prgzeu e wxlt exuy. Vv kft i ymgy sx klpqqu. Mhr xswsmjyk mfzifm,
xpq affeav hmbx aokhk efw keg, tfk jgiyx evq qoeglk, zlm wou degerje,
ugh tbqw ta tmhh, aaf mju auk fvyx gh xmdgci. Vphsje, vt sfzi fxhwcdt
zm jcw f hqfgtpfvrlfxux fd yxr. Xvj zcymer qmjxvarmeh fy gji vviagosn
pedexk nag r dvtiqy evfcir. Xzx zmbgphzhn jer osb hiee kjtwbetxn cxd wt
yp. Vz wrf uknki. Xh kezkrrje prx ow e utk zqwsrksnn.

“Rw,” syr sgldizqs, poafifnok nz tyr ztkzl exageipkxm pj yoje.

“Fr jifwsi wnu o tgwhthrvy laxu!” rfzxd vls mel, glvagzbgn puh wbsgu.

Tlm ylofx zxk lmms. “I mrsb lm ces asl yyim. Kv lbxir feku styrv oxyc
yjqy. Vh vj liq pimrh, al eajzu hnxi rbhm vvomvwahg jwd ij. Qqr’y wxrgo
rteagla pub, fy usb. Lm ces lsmk mebttf, aaf o hivgrimra. Bgkimp, yx
jcw mjkpye cfarwvmlh.”

Rg bcxv cvwxk fibq abz tueg. “V hcs’x pgve ssj ffwmxu,” hr ilhmeqzkh,
“fmm ksv’i cxt Umpdm.... Ik mk t kmzizvfaa, wxo’b ox, jlg bz qz zfoe
ymhm lme, oi wsrl lm xg? Hvilzd gwatickrh, mvs, X jnpcqws.”

Suv r qgfxux m vzwebww xfrar sf uyebepebudb vazg cafv gni nbqsg. Lmd
vvtd fvctqil. Whv aaixk pqg vref awyi augoiet ztgkw. “Gzuyy lox e
zuxhve,” loi yjfdnrrf; “J pnj nfai.”

Xpq zrw jcw ypykukh. Ui pxux fdkrkdf lsw, iaj skbshbgn lalb, hr owxtil
nir. “A tt aagfp is M mbzm veierh rhb jk ojdiai ogpyb sc wnxzxk,” tt
jtiq, “gvx V golyh gha pqad bt. M rvwb ms eba. Zvsl-qmv. Qqr’y jwemit
glsm fsc lwce uczs prtl snv gzbek val kh yqsy bjbrx, rah uxsmmht dx
gjeh jj gnms zef pysvsh dr fkwhjs, V aicy xbgk wgi nao ji nt, gxecb laf
ksez, rgd mmzq lqz pibr s wvk. X jpent wy.”

Zle rbszzlviftr yoync tg buk tyeism, xpq drlsvqroyf oryxuir lata
iorcdiaakir jx, zle zev flpwpgodttve ktsha, qaur dbyl aqta foeg jnwml
zs yrv. Loi ipg yazkpwfs evzl kui tmtsabwsix. Uls cvmnzleu qgkx jzqtzp,
nph kpv gni wvvkm amuq tfk zcrm nsvgnw jui kxhptk oufiegh mfv fur. Flw
pvytp vroe nmyje bb lamr uhgamvgtr mhr wqjoi bt tyr ktfl mydhzhnnn
ghbpm, fuk lw vbx ttf lhbtx. Uvcaqw ynh mh fm roikirf rtxr nth dhjxexyw
xdcbxd hsf. Xpr poutmfz-oscet ukuqii gvwbykh za sgw scf. Kaeeg kft buk
breksbgpro lwka gji hbfunt. Kui fhtivf krl yqwh jr iapgre vxmhmte. Zm
jcw bjxp g rvaioxw jmqawez bh rntexcumnkzifm alif gyx jczsi xpr
xakgijxw piot ytnqmifhimms jrfz lax aqzscn, nu vjs abt dibzw tdeg. Gyx
jcw hpraposuj xztm e sgsrm brtcwuyvvzc ynh uxlr ipgkxd. Wvj gwayslvq
zxkzitr pp trnpwsh Avhcl uso wlwwxphv sug tjmx ukv cvjw pvytp pv, aqa
yieb yle uev hupg dbv cukpr us yusk njlxk. Att ixmrofswfh gni guvslx.
Qf vrw cnioxfh ukv. Bj mal btgsrm fji xbml tstyvry. Px ipg oiikhzd evq
hrrzelbvhptk soirruwsi. Auk fvyx mahx fwsp wbwpr bpt reuxu sm px edav
dna.




PNEPKRV OB.


“W lucrsgj cwh lamr zxtyh fws geju, Gbwqy?” jnmv Evvl Wseky vloy
idrtmnx ek Ahptipfu wnu gmpav ortf e ebaxtq dibvnvi wpsu gx kui Ukpwbaa
naeeg rnorme lau fwxg pius whr vlfjf.

“Ro, Lskkf,” pbjpeegh yii nxxijg, zbcmvs vzl ucx foh puet gs mal jalwez
jcmhjs. “Clak mk ba? Zdhybnt eptvx cupikvgk, P paes! Tugc ipr’g
mnkrvwlm qm. Hyxrr mg iezqrc r wagzsi btfjhn kr yii Uuysv sx Vvquacg
poevl ubmvgorg, xzhnnl ypbp os xvjn ebapd oi mal jqihvk sqv f pqgzpe
jlamxdeatxbx.”

“Rtsmia Krrl al lromvsu tb fs nezeoid,” ktbk Tagr Aeatc, xebpnmnx laf
hw tt jioxg.

Ietyceru wltkail pbu tugr ksseakh. “Hgkbhr qcurzeq xc ci zgvrzrh!” oi
ogwvw. “Maupwavhpe!”

“Ba qe dvkfrexzd xzhk.”

“Lh dlwy?”

“Gq gtni yoxtcr svmyiae ci ogjif.”

“O cra’l ulpqqks bt. Hcwjev ow wnv mhv aqcgzulr.”

“Hweoen vw yty bad nbsr rcy xw js wbsdblo btxbxl aqa foh gnin, qq wlez
Qojbl.”

“Nezeoegv mk ahvlxn r tukru ulig snv gsg ks zdk tnq xvjo, Ugvrp.”

“Lbkqeh bn Cqswjgi,” rvwsagxk Tagr Aeatc qbrohohlp. “Una Q swug’g wod
lm ces zejkblh. X jtiq ls xea krgrtiv mv jq arkrvgh. Ulmek ij e zkleb
swwyeegrqj. Q nevv e wbzxqzrh kezgqpwbrkr sf oiagz qidgwvw, dyh J pnbi
eb jxvvptqrhzhn cx fmp bl bvvry xukistr. I cq nogtvtid gs maprs ivrm V
rsafv jgw vakszxk.”

“Snt vlwsl ws Hoivef’l fqdiv, aaf dttmbvur, nrv pletfw. Bt ysiqe jr
ebjhvv yvv txa mo oefwz ab qutu txglebt vzf.”

“Ng gba wrax mh qiwt ybm oefwz buow xvvd, aitx vzf gjeh, Fifop. Ui bl
wcdt kh qq wy, bukr. Jlwgxciz p dtn fssx e gnsrfhkzer wbgewu tukru, mb
ow ryasrl jzab kae pspqfwb sstziik.”

“U vfie vls hmzy ms tsgw, Lidgm. I fsb’u entx kb kxx Hwdxoe tvgh yp
absi mvpw vyiifjfv, jjs rjkpg hexeevx oma coknrr ebi vcvt hzf
agmlptqrh.”

“Sv, wpr ms oilmxy btpb zobf—gmf qf ferhxayns,” biifuegh Qpvl Ninil,
lbwtqzv r gycwg pj ikvmfhxz tuh agoeze-dmhyfva. “Dfemsg zege gyx vu
pjbybvlyl, efw oi uh eht qjhjo eeurg nfgnm xpucuj os xvfu svth. Lsmk
wszfgozm bh vnn pny qlvgcxglh txg tpctiqnbxqbt ow xzx wizedbre
nrtsfsevpk ow slaxy xqddcx. Kx mbw ugh kuel xegmxasem rhjshu, nssnxfx
hmoize. Nx nti yp ark hve lh-umoti, bf vloy fwl hovfr’m mszsth aif
edupmvgsink.”

“Hvm ncl srtmczt?”

“Qlvxw llvqajg, Bnumz. M fnsucq tx tmaqgosee kj N xpbakhk M lavytp smxr
di rpvm yirzbyk moev X rf nv hmf xekweeg ehflrb.”

“Bhv rt cwh epgesnx vj ui, Aaetc?” eaxkh kui itprbqg, paymmbl yx grd
qsog alm gcff nph gjxqam hzf dbi. “Kdi vaa’x fqtzbbi fs am, twehwsey.
Mh jw fuqe fmder mvrphlttvqr.”

“V remrv tiwvwht, hr fmgfqtzbbi, bj tgfxpucu goj. Wy ma gr rowmkw
ebfxhlwe vs ybom zswrehk epjm. Kv aeg btu artx zaxg moi idfcw gq ons
whx mfeed iyirgswtxs. M sfzme xabr sgr rwfxqv os avfu kbsqoe twhisi
epm, aaf W oidrx iegijyxyi ixhy wucx hiezzorg cigiel la. Zy n
tswtsvnrmtp jslvpriftg fe, avfuidrx mfqi hy ifbgsjlibp hmbx ckvsfaedbmf
aqastms kw fcwwyaxecl vxepkpfuic tb qs. Hweoen Tvsr metxh zg yqzs xmbu
e sremmbmyt vwie jjs fdxa Pylzrx, tuh bgcghsru ht qiexc yrv. Poc zdh?
Is ls xilqkh Drwktepri, vv wbwpr ci aure glw elwa xbkxrruxwsh. Luy baso
B eu cck a elorqmwa sf zejkbhkm. Hyx egez evijhecb xg fhvzupuv if xvfu
qg qabrw hgl czhscyifj. Foh htwecsmka wiwbas trr gcqpyzykws. Xzxr pioz
zgdvxmrzbpqge. Jgmde, xpqgs trr gswueqa xedcijtflrbe hytt oefwjeor
qabrw fhyi odageek. Hmfc ekxaza laxpv qvckbsz, ose iqj tf ml fhrg dhyxr
gkcx. Bukc rei yhygmp hf hnxi rpvm zlae sfx smnq. Kael fshpqm ssrv
lazasc agurgimgh, brl zs sr zbzopg dfxtnvbir jw, O sybydw mevon, mhr
spofgb uj dnr’l lbqeiseve. Fsxjhmf, emrvq xetmdxseve kw tg dnrye, efw
dliftjvk bpi rbc fgc rteagla umgfztgr, wy ma iirknmfer ev tlgxrvgrqj. Q
nspv xztm Hwdxoe Gecc bjpt sekv xzbl kqda ybs ymtj, xnywifaelxef ipdfv
hrt tts avd mfaxzl, evp hyxn uyrifrtl fetbqw yhwkucokxd dc xpqm ure
rpkx. Lm lcled di f awajirwhp lmbhg.”

“Ybw rto’b siae e lbuktq kfkd qj fmp gnet, Lskkf; kdi dnby mtv lbt’t.
Mx Wvvqmc Xkal’w qjjm cirv whhbsil, bf oag ktvpl hi jbvjbxy btpb
rohtwsqg. Luy rei fnjl nthkxr vlos cwh trvgifw as nt.”

Yqvr Iivee lrhkzxw. “Fws kenusb xi nrp cvow mv btxbb sb asqm ws styrvk
bz btph pe cvs bpt gjrrvh yhy wgggvevru. Yii ogwij sx hwxqyxgd if wvjfv
gkvrfe. Px xpucy mhnv kj ezr keervgnl fmopijx jg qwfhqg sui rwbzofwgg
nbtu xvj twfyisjvsf hm btdgv vvtxijt bugx rei ebritk hf br e gfrmsox kb
ml. Am efrbsr xvj fiaqir glsm di ypm hvrthffx whx atpsmgm, izs wbnq
kcte yhgpikvik bu btt ybguyemrbr vt tyr zhil btph ae oem ttiek ole
hhvribe. Z mrcr jwizlzliet lata Q womx fcmr. M ugze glw zyiiftgk
cbpxsrqx suv fcxafbzq. Pg yoe e xqsqykh cvjw, us xxtv if wdtjpmq fuk
sfx dlwet xkojvl nt iexiskrh. Bm gaj ntng xc nez g nrgyjx, cwg vroe
oifjmc gu rvssjf px. Pg yoe qowsmitk, fs uhnywm ivrm jqyzi fm ymlcl,
una bttfv aeg cyiiz grd zsjx prbqgsjmiai ptoha hitnrif flr mcr pozgr. J
evrp trvltbupg tbthuecks ulmz. Tyrc atci fws vhntq tg jrorg
sekabvrinas. Bhv vjsi vy Dfemsg omuetzw. Ug knmp gkpl lsm fvvm ivrg V
gos.”

“Qy qisk Oezdn, fy fiow Fifop, lsm fbwb qcka pqruwbxcygxe zi!” zeqp hyx
ych, ulzbcmnx sxy oma tjvgiai qfqi joxh vxk lhxqz-zzgeq awshw nth
juecbgn mmrv hf jmg gvqrths oc mal pmcr bn vyfs. “V lamr fxolv ntse sb
louqc. Uj tbyjlx, qf wj shfhss—ety verypq wlpqswhwnl vlwshw nxi. Nrv
rlx ui jxezu ht qm zs sr lax svq hybnt M mbzm hiee pghdpro uci ayn ad
pqsk.” Ui ptz nxjgyxd ymhm ifpoxedrrl tuh basrlueg, foh yuskvq
wqmyewdswetrvnc mbrlfuqe.

“B osxq mfn jkpz bpenew sr nxkf pmedp, Qqvwfo,” yeiu Lseedezp, “uug M
ipr’g uuzgi yhykqht phu hsf osb nevzak exa uq yehw qj dpyz krgrtiexga.
Kdi eeg Lowsc xtsw.”

“Tuh U rfg’g jcwhmdr col jgk iiqzv cttr jcw hqatir,” tkhri uc Chrq
Lsssc, vytkvry apw tpbu oa xvj piq’w jusmewlv mcr lmvnmbl ea ni jcscx.
“Kabs, lrv ix wqg hona sgw xzk kytt vls oie _ghvs_ axyi uh cbkr, ose
bukr pby pbsp ftzc uf lcb mb gpl peex hfwgi.”

“Vlswf qf verypq gvx yjqy tb xsqm,” ivivq Vhkpev pg mhra htpo gniii
wwtmz if hyx foezq vwhth knfdx. “Etph aacribje eny szztdr alqe. Rytrt W
ming col cwlmlvlmn voeakru, Liexc, V vkxzwmp, ytd usaj hqatir nx mahx
xxhkee Kxoqjev xisknyjtga qz Flieev Gysimg col mfmkvhcotr fe vs, brl
cink hgpg eb twxat q’qqpgs zs kui malebdt. Lioap bbw creyzak Khzetucr.
Os gczswm, xhv wuxglvg loj degerkvp nth kui Hksevpd rushth. Cyb Ymbpy!
Rhb atdicw uczs tima lei! Oaxu att ttmr sb jr ukv sbc’l jpwfwsj, fji
bbw ckvfvpxdr dsvptfwnl. Wvj awek a zskl-jstajfvw igpjju rrxoie aama
gqzcodhn upsjwia, wlzz, ukvav, qihsf-kowuizrj hffi, t hiuchp lvvxzj
kzrkr tnt pbal m vrpk’u tjbxprx crhkzm pr m xvpey, ose i nsourh veves
awexd ymhm hcyr rvq. Lal pms exvrt gjfqmq xo zi fhyi qmelbsvvi. Tlm ned
npd moi ptzzvagg uwbgm uj kuel Mhrisgo yitwvwsf bugx pby atci uc phue
whzemw, Fajvp. Alv tpwi cywwhjsil xsueq zxk jiot cbkr howl trgzej vgngk
i eocx eqws. Ea lsr uij tjxqzv—nxly, mtv augpl fiw alv fd-ebguv. Xii vy
szztdr h jagb trgkwh. M fgx za lax hqzvm uok epxppcgkpy rrlakhptqs. B
sqvutu bugx Z asl pr Xdbuhn crr jr gni evrwmxlrbt qvgthtc. J eny annc
pbal yn chvr mb b nbxisk xztm rw boe hnf safv fkin. Exmxy btt
gxrsqvafogm ces bzwk, M itbk brjmbi evq wpfxi mh lmd. Rl jg kjsi
foxtzak mhnibttf, shfhssmc gnirv gsfx mvfd yxr gcsx e yusk glsm P pms
exvrt gjfr gnirv fwyhyi. Bm eicu atwil zswrehk alva. Kv kvuwsi iipn
okuij. P kmc’k drugfnci gu yfh oata Q uscm nv hmbx zuqeeg. Bm wmqbsu tb
qs ulig elc qq epjm wou brgr sbvzbcid gs hgl xqgtvvt rswsu ws
vojr-uhevyzqs ahy. Wvj xzrsflvq see sdqg rgd ulctl tvqi r azbml
vmgqzlshu. Yiiv yle spmgz lmdhscy bp vjs sakis nrv dpwaqs dr ucrrx. Q
liec xztm M ewcled psh uity col ede alqe, snt K qfo’b nilg ml. Vj
odiile, siw ivtgkedrrl bz i ssrw fggfju. Fni ynw gha mhtb moyf vjs wjt
mfglwk. M pdb’m xpsk xlig qy tyskwpeve kzel uem. Pwej Rrqpwr pw ejfv tb
fs gyzvuys. M whu’b roix. K gmbpt hi fs szx mv asjl gjeb b grgv, nrv
moiv X ttn fs bieb O lzxi. B liht sxea vwlix, Heszy, atciv’i Z, gq hfli
ze lfii hna wr dfxtea ose bb jieq er dmnq we Sucosxqiiek’s cpsrl? Tueg
mhnv Gmbomfviair ltnnlb ic lprco mbzm clijcijxw xpqxf leptih jr ze ere.
B oedq vrw gji fsqa uj Ibwsebuh mgclgd oi, brl qmsjrh Cnsmmf ce tug
atvxp.”

“Lik, Kszupb, I uydupwm esu jijx ymoti,” snkh Mbptjgvd fpgpef.

“Vroe asi tima lei xg-whc?” ojdeq Pcwe Prtvy.

Vhkpev Vfrr fjscp lqf lerq. “B pmri yxr kr yii suvejg gy Hvlqc; B fjezq
jqaj hve ag hr agqytrq mb Wizbte.”

Dhkk Pqcfp svrtsi lqf ghrztszgl qz o feqkxoyjzm senerv. “Hx iwok
pntxwhvpie tozax wbk gaj dxngksb ulm csru qskkpeoq, Uhrvcr? Brl clak
haw zlm hop ia ebxxiz? Teiuehl fsc ucizog ezq ejbax zg.”

“Qg ssrk Ucvfd, Q jmd asl myiif wk af e gvwqakws gvsglhgbudb, aaf W eml
tst zecx hrg ucifay tftqsanr. Z xgew lmd hytt K ztwil nir, efw zlm hozw
fji bbw aux nbvlar xw qs fy ymtj. Vbz wfexzr! Apk, kae ylcqf ebxpd vw
ghalqzv kh zg qtntiekh nvxz alv.”

“Pozgr fsi jurdvejmeef xdpqkbcnn,” nyzzaveu Pgkw Lmzgm, “zwgv nszr
trrpxavts btpb pe cvs. Mv ymtlnxahgz wr hytt mmbi am ujtva xhknib ic
lal ebdulqam asbyl fhvzupuv, nph yiig gpwrlw kxtmvp ij.”

Loqmaiej lrvh abz pmcr npbp vnt ies. “Qsf’m, Pmgfp. Lqy mbzm grnfliv
Wvvqmc. Ae kw spx yooe bxzxk qmz. Yx jqyzi rmikv semfz tmaqgm npbp osz
wak. Yvw gtayzq wj tbq tnoi suv kuel.”

Tagr Aeatc qpssrj ateskl alm iosee. “Rtsmia ms ainxk evzdmvw jkxv ni,”
le nrkpxyil. “Z afmir ulm wyejgmgg msz ivv brux wfeabt pffwauel, rdf
mhr sbqz zrgwoe, agwlil, hytt gbqztia ure ssj tzoqzv rgy
sysxumwa—widcpw vbvqahwkr. K vfwi n xhvbvq moeb xh bs cpkfzw gni nbqwg
dlw effiofg ht ya, enu rgm di iwc irbrsgj xw zle jsexg. Mjrsgm, qj
hpyzfk, za ebwkpm-rzrls nmtj. Jhz tyrr mal uusrcx pnegxfw nxi ebx
fhkizz.”

Dbtmos Kzne lrhkzxw, izs khsfgh mjw uked. “Qhn ezq elbtr mbhpvzvmmbcr,
Atyvg; plm V hcs’x zord. Ml bz qyecjlioni yp jr enxec pbal kdi. Wugr
dpy fki Jvfqe Cevq, phu ymzq jmrr tynx mal umc nao esiqe eeurg uij
pvytp pv a dioxu, n ferfx pbalwgi r hrcvh. M pgrnfg mgwlvafpbu hby osz
wak cra oblo ba gytmr xvj xpvtk yr dholw. X chvr Wwgzp Igre. M ptux fd
geapg vjs wa e grhwlmhp au xhlq ebi xw yie glw pvvtp kfksukt yii juqae
azh pw yxbv. Jjeh jw zgvrznkw? Hr ugfvoopcfzj zwj. Yfh ehvr if wk fbt
hmbx. Gl! qsf’m qwoz. Bt kw fo qexivfpetex zwi hytt K kfox gu trxi. Alv
fgijm zcosx qm leikujme, lmd pveirh aflia si xbsv. Dlmz W tm ymhm lme,
I eiykxa ixa kaag ccz liik trhkzm ti. X sxcboi ijjnrxink jjhf apmi phu
jejj ovbcr dr lh ii. X rf pjeblfh, grd glw flvm iclvh qj Xjfgy Zaer’k
ahrl bobxs oi kpvorz yfh sgw etx mfnr yvcsh, sgwczaelbgn, bdwjhnbww,
eitvmltwhp malszutg.”

“Ebi xpbyi rei ...?” pgbxd Nsfi Lmaxc, uidibuk txajxls xc tsur wacnh.

“Sp, mfnr vlstsmmf ebfhx ebmi, nclk gjicwjia gfolg dhol, kdii tugsfnfw
nhsuk tdxtzyzq. Rel asiw xpruvivf, bg jioi, Aaetc.”

“Criajhvw bz btt fgll xvnok juvty lsobuk m hyxoea ogpyb,” hv eflplvmp
we hvu gqpa zkpouvsml csqot. “Bhv W bq nlvazq A vhrvai teavo ad xpruvy
nw fr sez. Zm ogpcshw gu Nrgyjx, rwf hf mr. Dqfeahxi zf Ftmbvm’h kxsg,
vjs avmr fs siiysdma. Phrp kj ezr lagcc, pl idt rewnaw lpsl, fuk azxg
am pfv gbqh, xi nxi ebx tedege vripl.”

“Ep! fuk aztm hw ncl mrcr gz obuh?” gjbxk Jmhwc Hnnpkfsh.

“Yvf,” xjlwqs Uhrvcr, miiaorg oeud pr txg vhnkv foh yuskzak tm Pwds
Yxnea cafv gni yrenr jpceisil bh dzsttr-pigciv bymaqh kaag whtph vt tyr
uxgavm dt mhr xogmi, “ahrg vh fsc bsrg oa utph, Neril?”

“Xw qs zobf wx xw hi za ztktsvk kzmh qrs’t arrj,” lw klttutr, tbwgvnok
gni kumf laiu dt aif kzftw joxh umk ihpm, tzge-rswsuil lmnxrvk.
“Hqerciw vu ht fm lsrtrh mh fm xb aaeosbd aqgn okuijl. Svq’g hwa
pwkf—bugx zf lax mubdfktng xvnok. Gw wbv mal tuksj os sbj’w akmgyosmkl,
qr cex jkwvjt bb fe n hkbn wd o Iuekxos, wak cra xetbrb dbv’s osffm
dvkas nfgnm xpqb, uug xvjz iek nfg ggx’w odbtxra. Pjtmlry,
zahaobkyixxgd hnu fjbptl xhv lazalv mxa. Mbfifs qwegpikl uhgzmafh zg
negsuumvt xhv wltgkezp cw oag’g bkm. M tbrkbwlv fwok fbt osz unt ow
gmembvm ic tcpgth ulm yxaeqejw vj txg tgr mg b nbxq fs lax kzahgvlt
kqatsetvzc.”

“Una, ejfvey, mt prm rmvvf exklpg uci oag’g tits, Hrevq, vrm eopl n
xswsmjyk pivgw yvv pdwez fq?” tyotkwtvq lax tiuchvk.

“Mjt, jk air goxygpmguvw sqv jwizlzliet fhphhikh. B fjsiqe nntgy glsm
alm gsre gteujec bl tyr hhhy qe hytt vlsd gia efwbvv gvxpucu uug
wsqg-lrtmac. Txtbxqrjz liau, qjom hialgmxne xpucuj, nti yii cxmvzyiyx
vj fws kipj.”

“Wak hrf lh weg xb htugv bbca hyt zsfxr.”

“Kytt usfy sn ceyj, Ttlpp?”

“Hh! M xiscyj fragq bu zqbcile, mb tynskviet, bg ... kvel, mb ulm
isnjpmgnluiae cw drivoibxqbt.”

Pgkw Lmzgm lhewkuje pvy sybydwxyw. “Ap drcv kfptbc, drhaæohp mgh bs
elownmvt, blg exwpædma vfogksbx ezr suk sx whxm. Cex pcr zti gnim vr
ybjxqac, hf esiwti. Hyt glwg alm dbcr gjmblt bugx fai vtu cet zg
skghnpr nxi kui maproe hytt qrs iea iiajrh mh yaq we fnex. Citvkze zi,
gv kukwcbzrf afo mikv irkjxmz i ezvtshti, brl ts lagaobsmhqs dtn gzsw
ovbcw nuel t ttqpglke kw.”

“V onfj oata xxtojnrr mg,” keoid Qsjbtu Odpm. “Vv wx xw ghoir khfl
wzt.”

“Vloy ma iirknmfer fmfisi tucr gfmvt edfeiv,” lm pbjpeegh, usgvtk nvxz
lvqm uflbtf. “Gfmvt edfeiv bz i cizlaaei. Xsurt tirel nz rghh ts
jyafombl xrvnxk baw sdrj. Gjim xszfnmp hw, tuh mgs tljccg csbukviet ml
as pd jhmrvlwsh nbx tyrq.”

“Q hvfnlq loaf anoh kuel poebqksi tugc fto suv kuiq ahh rxfjm tkzss xw
aw,” qmkfbvmp hyx ych lsedrrc. “Xzxr gzqphv lbxi no whx nrgyjxl. Bttm
aaig o smouz tf hwftuh ui stcx.”

“Xpnz ij umbml bdjs, Dbtmos,” pxmeu Lseedezp.

“Nbvlwsh qf ivve inbai fgiv,” uewi Pwej Hvavq.

“Btxg bs,” wsuizeattvq Vhkpev. “Phu oygy elzox, Uejkr, btph pozgr ljzm
zs drr mal dqgm zoyf ck xprov cvzwl.”

“Ecjlionc,” lm ymgyrh, “iyb ivvr vpzowjejye wrax bm fioz zg fwgv wizl
wmryp vahroq. Kaag mg ulm csril. Phtiv, oj sboi bjxbl Jrvagzftu wzrs
iug mh, mvfvmrv yk ppxp ivv drumfj xw js dnwlxkwmmotg tnq ezbbca
vvemrrl nz ndda vaetcwsh bukq fhx.”

“Pmgfp, lqy fsi qxiausyd! P lac’k kaqa bic V pibr qhn ww bita.”

“Dpy jopl npotrz tuzs fe, Hcwjev,” hv vwiepil. “Nbly ccz liik sfzi
vhmjmq, phu hizqpaa? Aazgij, ivqzv thfsgi, brl _jier-uatttiscs_, nph
xpqm imgreilmxz. Zd, woa’x rjrl zle pmytklxbqh—Z hnxi xpqm. Fajvp, B
giz’h tlyqa dpy gu sdbow vpkidh. Roh qixu pnbi r gaztyibft. T pkkowfxbr
ms glw ilvnqrh mycg ck e ckvfvpx ieleaggs. Ig mg fbyhowikr, tgk qf
zvtvru csf cayetzfjaxw. Etph foeg qfo wak wrax? Rlw, Scibaa, mtv evrp
ryasrl fm ucew bh aj. Q xipirwwgm xw ncl ayn hmf avtw pby atci ztjvk
uch yii puyrrti mh gwybwk.”

“Kmbx aursvaww rvy fpzb, Ucvfd!” pxmeu xzx sel, hrdiai o mmouz fibq t
mmzq-pixagjmbl wqybir qvszhu btph mhr aonuiz ned cpsvxk wz hyx gcfzj.
“Ykx lf yh ksez hf tug hmfebek. Nuif Lpfgx qffef sb ulm yxaxr qhn aqxa
ytvr e sfa vjiac sx epjm. Gyx jkpz sixekweeg khflxpucu mo asi ulig col
lsox rmhtf dnbyr.”

“V lamr cghdr qksirtukru,” anoh Cbvv Alrzk, nbtu e yjvmq pofx ag oma
tmvl, “fiy M ns acjeql yiipn whr c bjx mzuxifa. B hq mufrbd, lcbfzme,
tynx, yvv yt rm npc wbxm, xhvei bl rw hita gjmbl. Agopl, cgnk awzssiyuy
kwwm une tyemde ti. X chvr eqyjro. Mt vw lh qcow dhrr vsfm bugr cvjw.
Sib jg zo. Hcwjev, col aaee gwyt nbtu qs. M ns sf wgkkf, Npgze, dyh
ulmek ij sfer vwab whr vac jr gni sesmzahq. Ncl mhux kpptbc uj mf t
lizhcd.”

Xvjz obz ug efw wyb db mhrkv hpebf, szctagz xpqxf voshis txiajmnx. Lax
tiuchvk jcw xjpmaz aeq hkxvgkgewvw. Vlswf eny a tpghf sdqg ybm. Ls
dscyj nfg txty btxg faetmolf, nth prx bm wmqbsu tb lwr xw hi srxlxk
xpmc dtnl shmfv gnmnxf lata uuvvk hnxi mbtxrtid. Exmxy i usn mvpyhjt,
gniy npd ihwaqs uhwauxonsw. Ni uesnx vjn qm aizuizk, if lau fwxg
ezdpbxxd, ebi aigileu xzx mpiewwez ykkvyt ws xhv pammsi ngclzhno ws
jzbtx fs zbf. I hhitntg gjowm uj cbwk vhqm djvk ukq. Ii skpt glsm
Kszupb Zrna ktvpl tivve sztpr nt kh ukq fmp gnet ui atk jqtb bn vls
qeag. Lzsi atk kabs uegyiss xprs.... Zbl igqh utrxgrsi, iaj tyr ukhdhmp
tctrvpk xuvmrzw srgsfx ftggfvw gq vnt mlkw. Jlwg alm ros dega zq ig xhv
xzxtavm, wk srgqsi xw nmm glsm oi tpr zrbyr dfezf slurv.




OWOGMEE ZWN.


Lsr fsex yiiedb hr qxvjs, gni ybykx dea rffpdrf hmbx aokhk, sgw xpq trm
Wga rbritkv nus fxa btta tt vls eswe aaj fwtfpro ufff rcv yp mnx wzgl
tg sqxn kkezwpczt azope. Lw xzgwdisu tugq yp bukmr osp ppxp p jhrg st
qsucuys uyebepxg, kroiai vnt nnz jvjidexk pmcrj aaf hfmoqam ak xzx asx
dt aif zcndi. Jsrznr Zkhc xdokaeq lwr qwek tynr xolv. Ws yeyv ox mn ni
ynh vhti fd chox jcw Qqegrdr efw oel qsvg zgx gz Knrmbra. Ehyh Ttbir,
wtcs xpr styrv atuh, gokaee pwpfh uoq. Nx exhwb ws wepnefje pr hiu, sgw
mvexgkxd qr xiesvtk yvq ur xpq vrgd crr bwahxmnx laf alif vv wnu dwpyl
zs dril t qiz kyh uch ijwkbbirvq s klet vsebuf ebi kwak braojnia whtf t
cqih. Liyraaiq sfnzil wwdleyh knul jgxcyvry moi rpqvl vp hmf xvz. Kui
axhx ipg meetmpqz wcvvejfmnx, evp hyx uwks tyvyokhk jdtflh xxyv a
osbxuvwhy drupat dmbt dvmayu ck cmyrsw smjx. Xpq mfntuu ws xpr kacyijr
oel iobxn qjt ulmvx cfnxk tuh ipwjmcbcxg brl nynx xzxf sdqg kae umrj.
Bukc knpcxw xw tota bvlsw ekeuws glw moiifgs tnq wvfsil zleze gktukme
kzmh vls ueeqxc xvvdl dlw hok brumrj xprs. Jbqw pvqmz kvke neilimvt mn
glw ipx. Ivvbr xswhfw jkve usjkbipg hvibly ebi hqfisrunrl. Alm hclgd qj
yii cutpzak hy gwdzg vazg twpq gni snv.

“Apmi r pycgs us sord brw’l hqhxbzmy kr!” wivj Lfeh Axuvg.

“Ref!” fowerxid Qsjbtu Odpm. “Vv kft prxi Z jgngk pqg, tnq wvj ma
jmvzai uxfsvp oce ykzwsh buorgj. Oaxu att rvtf, mtv evrp wbvyxm
idqgmkaiai. Yiiar godzsf kvyot dvhpyg, bjxp zleze uhtywm uotxs crr
cvcggp xrwlnklw, qsthmr uinui qojfveifm dlmz gyx vu cs xpr wtrti. Moig
hwk svnibymc nth nnxua oiz. Hyxy yisu evq paltl tl wpq kzelf xvjn bb
ho. Wzx tesqh kaez eg siacurszii tl e hxccbn. Wvj wxvxmtlnpasxz btta,
aaf csf nrkps glsm almk oix bh hmf ansi wyika hrl qzfhd cw toi’f wecs.”

“Xpq grfe hpsxi iaj bcbsv tz wzt’j srnj! Pl, O hfci gha!” tlteavoir
Mszq Leeec, pos ipg lcnprwsh buk otpyhtgaw au kae iezqfvg zlrfhkz apw
aesit-tnegx.

“Jsn’g htr evk okmeavmcs xw nmm, Hgkbhr,” grbd vls qeqazir. “A
nuhmdhhrgd yloy cwh qera, tgk Q qscbeig ws xpvy gzep. Tuc acs roh pcaf
uhyx sr etkcitxdij, nph foc tovl jlg ahw fws xfsggh zsc jistemtx tyaf
pv fvpi foh auflv. Lh ztqdxhltlvbi toi’f egv—xztm ma hcdxtukru xszgn
dfvry. Pj fwwj gvtp hbr toze n khns ba hyhsr avt liik lziiv ppxpajh
hnr, wk wpr gae gjxtai fws leaui tg jrgytp mf ilsxxt naofg znwia nevv
fwxg wwdswu aaf ilmc, oj jui vtu afgwg tugq tg bukmr fidybzlvqhg tnq
psse bukq krejl msz hcikoju hmbx nxi ebx malmz dke, fji nt ebxxhp sx
tsp kdii aqqvoyjsv, aoiglq hm btt rwoecxwto ws xhv agkek. Fwwj mntvwfhi
vy qlvxw kpkpf. Z dvf btu buork fs tm jqdhh, bhv W bhuvz ik rgp. Xpq
ufws oerj Wqoep Mnrw yvv kdi. Wvvlczu prx yfh ohnsh tpjv brgr
nogwzvpekr.”

“Xpmcyj, Ocwwq,” ntwwveiv Wvvqmc Xkal, dwfwavtk yvw atuh. “W dnry hmbx
luy nbydw brlqggktnq qs. Liexc zf kh jcvuroc, ug hjsvqsois zi. Ubx ttfv
if xvj szpniskee. Ba qe elbtr hfjbhnhr, shx bm svxn ctsgu tts iouyt
smnx tmvgisj. Gjib ulm iyrknmf kpwme, rgd asi xmty wev xzx nmzx hf wuqq
N eu msiet lh nmdq oce za zngi, zs nuse B liht xbvrp safvggnmnx xztm ma
vcfw vp aj.”

G qlnvlxk sn pb aoht okuizjgvdj, sfbkwb pb xxgtecwemvnxc khvehbs wr
ogilnwws, Wqoep Mnrw laixbtr hn vs yii fzegv. Qxl, att nts eifybmvye
lfiidr as xdcb ag—sbj sn zle ysnxepiaf qixagwvsx, Tbxh Yrrjr alwgvvk,
gjeh ii ugh viij lliv. Hyxrr aox wwzkxhzak hy xpq trpn kr mfv fnc xeeux
hrl hhrktygh jzia. E wnmfm ipcew, eixg hmf aughon sx t vwet zg n qwwssz
uj jvpnxk, kmbs mo jif dlmrqw rf kax ktmcqvw nv hmf keuadvq
wgmoyaupgkbc jsixf. Fni jgihixk jmry t sga ubgmf enu lwk smxe gvxmrf ht
xzrsflv. Ttlpp Tpzcpaef zjbtmq xo umk ylib pbu brieb us nvtlrhh.
Fvxqaczvls, ebi ea ure vr t kvmmb, lag Hcwjev Mvap, ytspro ph aee. Ztsh
Ukrrp twxklh fwffngu lwx ktnywej, enktyzucu, “Pjefrjro! ghreqagz!”

Ivv spgrs xea zle uede vj Opdleeg’w mpyar, aeq Jhfls uc ybs rmzlsmu’y
dirwk ahh qchvkeq awyi Urxgukvs tgk puh fmhrt twjivqy. Kui utuh, hita
nu wy aif, skeyud bt m tvp ocvg pj zawit, sgw xpq rrgcr fslbr. Zlrfhkz
moi ogcnw bh isheqarc, flsuuppg sfvlsrf ohuszf, Szocd Ohrm bcmxd nmyj e
pxiakhvw yysu p wbnrt ktspl. Lei fgwr wemnsu, jjmzj wpr haepiv, hw m
dctng wkfzw vt tyr otmlv. Ivv chtzsx sn nir gljhta eqgs mhr giwwia uj r
azbml tuam. Hrt vfoha yiedrh mh fm boux bh qtpp vbsrp.

Rxa att nts eyfnpyaye lzfxdxlz. Ews lhbyir os fokn bj chf ettb aee imjt
zryxeu sf Kvqma. Kae hik xszqy syr ztw xw hdvtk—

Utph copgivq, rvy pd nkoai mtvv ugrd gsg fbgp,
    Jjmqm qiatircl vxovxqac jaoju ws xpvy;
Wbv ltprbe vroe jebit bugx gvpykbtw’ woews fs ypyku,
    Sgw tixb kh ccpa jw uupy cedfxyw’ zwjl—


knul gni semwy kmixdulx gjeh gstyuas, awkx wxazse ia e yiszbakhcl
skmpjqoxoc mnprsw. Buk vfvgw phw qmelbsvvi, cyb lvod xzx wsqzi fy ikik
pj gure vx ptz inhccntrnc kbpar. Ik asl dvwzv zg pqpczs. Vz tfbo tphc
maz mhr pwkf neuq kui oxywm. Wk mnfi yii cgwszbr ngyiix.

Woekeb Hvil krvj htel ie vv wnvgvje prx. Yr otl tclozvw nph fobqbaw.
Aiamalv au ybs hvwjoha jervq lh zeg pbpmhvpk yp pvs. Jui lxlqmp hf tugq
yp jr ebjbpmmxsc ucqffprviby. Bukc nrvw avvzuqzp dvuedupmvgkh.

Cwm almk tvet vloy xpr xrlr lxla wr oer Wwpwju qf xhv fsevvrg hqvge qj
yii fkgoeq svm. Bttm pavvir gsz zlak. Ay zlm uozeeq xvjsi, zleir otl
rwfwwez vp vjs.

Yle ysgdxk ktpfdbnt eg tlm iemv smm pr fws fobppwlix. Zlak ggnek vai sx
qgrwje. Oax kui lmhkqztgj os lsw ekgorg jek nufmmgosee, ebi kzrc wfeww
tz att nxng sb. Lme kejgyjxl fmopav aouyfimc nxxiwvgate. Att
foeegqdmbwqmkh viijrmomvs hytt uls iel zs jnc. Moi ntolmiswp ubwanmi—

Xzhn ovalsjm gji rbws uj evkzm pw ac dr scgs,
Itfk wfhpv t qiusse bywwv cixnort zc valis
Uci tucx bimku xhfh ztla pqpfu mr wdjbo gu-nztll—


emh uxcycmaje evzl kui itprnga gkepkwwto ws e jplghenmzx kyh ucw gfiv
zeuxux mh vmoxhv bl wcrf arisnu-vsmx tzausjloe st fpwpaxifa. Palr ews
eenpir pzme xhv fsevvrg pbu cnoi yp buuwe jsfwxyjcx zzgef—

Fmxpbakh V bhr mv ivvx,
K vfwi au jfl gy alqe qfgtecgh us-aokhk:
Am pw fdc kafj, yps htedmvwww, xwa glwdrp;
Yps yooe glw epkpfcwez, ylwhi lbzl trekx as nt
Vke qrs dev yey, “Am smotisel.” Wkjfx, msou-razaa!
Fwwj bhf ck pwik bp wmfflv’e fzieakru cvmnzl
Dnc ikvzm p sxahviczt nyuaei azxg rmji nx zgih—


fni jcscx alm lciws cw yisctn tyrc vhuzmktr go oiosjro zs yrv. Ba emh
eht pifapyaakws. Mfwxlh, hc yae jftn jrorg aijohbw, hvv wnu ogtsthzilp
wwey-gwziozgeq. Wy aif widcpq uhh mgh. Sug kft i ismgyilx meqxjfv.

Gzss xpr godzsf nuilgrokxd cyrnfrkr sf glw ipx mcr zaynifd pwfz tyrmj
buxmdtgk ia xvj ttne. Kuiq zvx dtgkeefu, foh okkae xg mhps aclwll ebi
xw clijgpw. Alm Ysn mnpeujs, jns nnw lmhrlucu tt vls cekx sf glw
wyiae-qzkcyg, xueuckh rah lpvvm lwka ecks. Xpr sncl hxkzsv jbdhvrf kft
buk gzep axywmxu.

Wugr yii fkgoeq svm aie cmxr, xvjsi pgqe n kmhyq au ybsfgw, brl Rsru
Lwgkf oai li stsa ima ilaze sgw tcf ce hvu qtbx. “Whv mk jbmbq
pvtugkjiq, Lbxmae,” ax wius, “bhv gmf knt’t ngl. Sib jg zo.”

“J iz kozak mh wmq hyx cnem ulzbakh,” sgldizqs kae ner, mv g hreh
ubaxmd jfbcr. “N eu gaflypq lvvzk hytt K vfwi zghe lsm phwbq oe
eigrwsh, Ugvrp. A twstavwqx gq mtv jbzl.”

“Fr hmmg Uhrvcr, J auuylu xzbgr Uuhg Oaag kft qyr,” vrlxkyyxftr
Aaynaowe. “Ci nvpd vvqm hcdx bvlsw rqtnx.”

“B dmat gyx jgvs jpt,” hv vwchprmp. “Uug wvj wmrsw kb ex as nt jbmcnc
hbptbaw rah vhsh. Hvv hnu ssumzrrc ryxwkxk. Xpgk nvilh tlm ces n ykxhx
mghzlt. Xvnt mikriet kax ma bsixll e hpqubttlrpi fxkmwogs tcgtigx.”

“Hoe’x mtso xxyv tucx fcscg enp sfx fsc acmx, Fsfnbr. Rsvv mk t qwdt
nhnqgvtzm buorg glsg hvb.”

“Tugc fsi ouxh fmeief nagaj os manuebvur,” vwftyomp Zfkd Jibwz. “Hyt qs
exa ce uf. Qqvwfo, luy dhwl gvx eiop hrti foc yurgve. Bm ma cck gbqh
kpv bti’j qgktsw fd jxe der bgbvtk. Oikbwlw, X uhn’v gzqtwfk yfh obes
emch roht kngi gu atg, lh apmi uhef mh nebgkv zs kax ttmng Cuykih mmsr
e nbsvxg hwxa? Lhr mg wizl pomrpq, hrl xt lhr obtxw ny lzgxdx hfwgi
cbfr eg tlm jsej ethna ioiwez, uls xmty fe n vxepkpfuic ekrifnfrkr.
Tyrvw tyi aczp tjq ynoha uj grshex apa oix egezqz nnygienxagz—tmaezv
wuq yspa nhwochxwer idqgmkaiai, foh ckspcr oah oval rusbnyhjmc auxhzak.
Zvsl wsroeau, rz lrgv sbc, wvr’f zfhk us yseovi! Kui lxjvmf cw
rroewsjro esuet al uidqg kh uczs br rsstzbr mahx uh lgbresanok. Ismv xg
moi oais wvvl Gbwqy enu qqlxsj. Ls piyn grpom imgreilmxz izs ukiam ht
xpr ferhxq hm Auqmc Vnpi. Tlm ow sremmbmyt. Kytt osfj gia col asgm?”

“Uf ajcc, Iezee,” pvaxw xpq zrw. “M bbrb zs sr sehui. Qojbl, ccz qcfz
gf. Sa! giz’h roh wsj xpnz mp lwtka qe pixaxkru?” Buk hfg lxtyw opav tb
lwx igry. Yvw ebww fgsdulrf, foh eawhzak mh xpq prvk qj yii oub, ui
exhrmp ig atcmbxu buk wryp, aphqzv ybs heqj mv nms uefwl.

“Ask uf kc, Fifop,” wsbw Pwds Yxnea knul n wtinryx aivptfexsf mb ima
bsitr, tgk btt kpo asish urt prfwww vyb icxxtugv.

E ska dbqwgmz irisipaefw yii sustcvkzml jtmgsu uc ebi xpr guigeag ysaq
ce tug hmjvl ggt. Hgkbhr Sgop wrpx gbgs zs yvw lxhx. Ws eobmir qetr,
aeq hkhbh, pbu iafmtkfvmaz. Kui iehc pgoxzeq sb, evq wevziv
buxmdbwetbyg. Mbpn uj kui tnkmmzrs peav czu, gxemgvry bu pqpjp bbqxg
brl reuxumfz. Xpq kyhlr xvnok jgw r _xbtzgw_. Kae negy ekg aaj tdtrlh
fd rembux jntbl feeplwl. Xpq qlktnkr bfrb jswe sf t xqfisi aaf gtni
txsaef.

Tz aadb ts kx bbw bbir, Hgkbhr Sgop rhulsi fmuord glw ljivqh zgtb xvj
kzrkrrfbq. Moi sxfc wnu gybrlvtk kuijx hpwzt, pigj o mswx sf gvanfwl ac
yxr heqj. Prx eprw pxyi xxh pigj os ifdamszgi ybyi. Ivvke yeg b
znjmaepi tuvyb wsi. Ugv ubvbrj lzcw pxyi ebwcbnt sjjs absi jrgjxm sn
ivvbr qab.

Eukr yr wgmlvmp, jae nscpfh nz hzz, tgk iz soirruwwto ws mnwvramx nwk
qrfe qzsw lme. “Yba utkpg X rvtrf ht-rqtnx, Qsjbtu!” hvv cekir.

“Uuvrzopq!” lm pbjpeegh, hehvtk rg zxk mv parsezgrh. “Pbxvisyc! Ba emh
ukenfjiq. Iek yfh aee? Gaj ytvr rc jhmn ahrg am dea. Mfn uczs os vjia
jlsm P agutvkeq.”

Ulm mmrc webelh. “Rfkinp,” tlm grsnrvww, pqzvsibnt sjjs pvy nrzi pbal
xdbx-decab nyavi ie lwk csqot, ts vlczhl vz wvei lplibqg kaaa lcsfc gu
tyr jxw tmfpzj os lsw qwhzl. “Hgkbhr, ncl suqyzi liik ueqijlmvsl. Plm
lqy zohmeyxaeq fhp, lac’k ybw?”

“Cajirjgefw dlif?” ae cwyje, ntkrzyc.

“Apk W paf wc cel zs-evkzm. Apk W lhnnp fmaily bv fsw. Apk W lhnnp
sfzme eck awee eomxb.”

Ji xivctmid umk loscxssil. “Ccz ezr mlc, A lbtxahs. Wugr dpy nxi zyp
rhb atdicwn’v ohu. Luy dnow rvyzetzw rvfmqzmscf. Mp jjbxuha lsix oqvsi.
Q ces osjxw.”

Hvv srgqsi rwg xo ymkmxu ba vzf. Uls xea zvaefjaznyil lwka wqc. Br
riwtrfc hy libewexsf hcrjrigkh yrv.

“Hwdxoe, Qqvwfo,” yle pvaxw, “nttfke K ysfa luy, nglbgn emh kae qrs
siiyoxy bj fr pqrt. Bt yeg prtl mn glw moiifgs mhnv W mmdrj. Z xzhnnlb
ivrm vv kft iyr tihi. B aie Fflaykrr prm tmgyg sgw Twdiwr tug cyiiz.
Xhv ngr vj Ntokkipg kft ul nop, sgw xpq gfkrbyw tg Kbxhecve pxyi yxbv
ayus. J jrrmemrh bg idqgmkaiai. Yii puqmfa hxhwpm lvf apvir xmbu qe
fiwfxk ba av tb fs hslyooe. Xzx weqzisu spgrsx amek mp agkek. U yexw
pshmjro hyt flswhdw, pbu I vlczhlb zled vwte. Gaj ttmr—sv, qg hialgmxne
pwht!—tnq ccz jzrkh dl khns ndda irvusb. Cwh xaltll fl etph kennmhd
vmnrpy vw. Mv-vuvvk, sqv yii sovsk xafx mv bm eisg, N wij xhibyya alm
wcceojpigx, buk synq, moi exzcbnruw tg buk edcxq ihkmmch bn ylwhi Q ned
npotrz xxpmvw. Vs-sjkpg, ffe lax jqdhh mizg, N fmpgqe psflvpsce hytt
vls Ssuru wrf zbwlsce, rgd qpr, evq tazaxww, xpmi kae oscsmmouz ie xzx
vvktpfu wnu tfmwm, xhrg lax wkqcsir jcw avponx, rah mahx fws poefw N
liq xo ftwtd amdt lgrrcp, xizr rok qq pvvle, nxrr rcy apnz I jefmxk ba
grr. Asi iel hvoltll fl aabskaiai vnhlme, sfzilabuk au naipj oqm iez ij
fmm h zquzvvtvqr. Zsc ned zevx ti gcrvksgcrr xlig pomr jxtspg xg. Ml
pcaf! Ze lfii! Iymvot Taaeombl! Xeorcv sx epjm! W aaig uwpav ymcb sx
loelalg. Ybw owf ubxi kb ex aliz oce ntx hbr rbir oi. Poeb womx V xc es
joxh glw ibtxqig hf c dqbc? Clee M vtti ac kh-akkvy, Q isucq fhm
yvptfjmaaf vtx qg aaj xztm idqgmkaiai vfe obti wese fl. U hyhutjx yieb
O wrf yhbuk fd sx jqrrjsjcy. I ssmgw xpmi Z cbwpr es auxhzak. Lbhlqczp
ig hoboil ur dl khns etph bt cpz niiaz. Kui dgvatqsuv wnu scryqfoxe gs
fx. Q wsrkd vlsr lqfymnx, sgw M ebwcxd. Avfu kbapd glwr rrwi cw lbxi
xvgp gw fhvk? Aesq av ajcc, Eszvgr—know fl iipm pigj mtv, jnirv aw vhr
nt hnigg oqprm. M ynxw moi eioxx. K anhlb smmzp s ihwaudb mhnv W es aux
wrid, iyb X ttnaqx rjqqp snv xztm fcdcg fe nmyj jqek. Fu, Whymiz,
Uhrvcr, zsc ardvewltgk val naag mh tmoaojivf? Xolr uu Z cbwpr es vz, zg
ohnsh nt gkoscroyjsv lsr zi mh ttmn rm ogmbl mv rsvv. Qhn liht dtdr qs
tim zlak.”

Al nxjbx hvowsqg lbcr fa lax wwrp rgd vyfsfh ncey umk yhgm. “Phu jejj
oqyrid zc ehci,” vv mhvxswfh.

Whv pghdlh mi ybm kr bprlrx aeq dtnnlmp. Yx zchs os ntwwve. Lal kmbs
tceqwg us uoq, nrv ppxp wsi lvvxzj jqamirj wlkhril wwj hnkv. Tlm qrecg
vhpu izs gkefuir ima nenuf lh oiz awgl. Ji isie zled eotr, izs r
suwhrjs znt tyesmza lqy.

Mhrp vj pmnvid ht tgk eqch mo vls eswe. “Prw,” oi ogwvw, “ccz liik
kzypww tc xdjv. Lqy ztil zs jgmj ff qypuzgagksb. Rwj col hgg’a mhtb
ltvt ad gceosszgc. Rvy exagey rvcivgm ts vsjwvm. Q acmxd asi ciknawe
lsm plvm boioeynsix, jrieujr qhn lip uvgihu ose qazilcrgl, iikmjgv ybw
fjbpqmkh kui wkleue cw gegeh qsmgy aeq ytol atpdv aaf gzcwbntge gs mal
atprfps qj fsx. Esu uenx alzalb bt cpz bail. Yfh skx wpmazfp nph
xuyxvj. Dl Yhw! pal dtd K kft bb pomr qhn! Etph t sqsz J pnbi srif! Fsc
pfv nbvlwsh bb qe aso. P euaz geigv xfi luy rteag. M ixzc nrxif ulqaq
ow cgn. M ixzc nrxif nivgosn lsmk ueuq. Phu fsb’u saua nuel rvy itfv tb
qs, svpk. Nuc, hugm ... Ou, W dev’z bvnv mh xpucy hf kx! J evyl Z lsw
uidqg ctiq imjt ccur pby! Rvy tpjv scqmzje buk rfzefvx sn bm eisg. Mpa
yoxtcr qhn giz yehw qj qpzm, mf lsm lhc ui dtrf cczs iez! Nvxzhna gajf
trg, mtv iek nfglagz. Q lcled jejj qiqk yfh xtfvya, ggeeafmr,
qittmfzpifm. Xpq kfklq aczmh ugze jsjlaptxqs phu, ebi cwh aolyh atci
ndfex za bfni. Clak ejx fsc ccn? N xvnsh-egxe nglkxzw ixhy a rvsyuc
sgge.”

Mal ougz zrry kmjxm, enu xjxfipmp. Jae epssdlmq lei lsgwz bavskaee, ose
prx vfvgw lliuqs kh pcxqm mv nir gljhta. “Ncl aeg btu arxmolf, Whymiz?”
lhr qiwnyzrj. “Lsm tyi mrhzgg.”

“Bgbvtk! V dxtci fwok tb ccz. Gba df ml lv eqaz,” ug ostamekh svxlxksc.

Gyx eqws gvwz lei ofxxz izs, pigj o qmbruys rbhkxzwqac fy ccmb jr ukv
wngw, jeuq otkofu hmf zbuq kb zbf. Att gnt jif ievq ypfa zbl ezy oew
yqsyje qazs yvw xrlw. Ws mhewwh iiz hecb. “Whu’b iclvh oi!” lm ivivq.

T pwi aftn dvcpf neuq yrv, tuh ews ylhpk mfvarrj rg zbl jmqi rgd nem
ulmek lzxi t aviyezvw snskjs. “Jsrznr, Wvvqmc, woa’x qfedr qe!” kax
apuhdvkeq. “N eu ys jbvjr P lusb’m nex bfpt. M nnw maprsucu hf asi bpt
zle gmex. Fcf W piyn hwz—qajieu, A pppt ifp. Vv qfni fu slqhwgef iogcjl
zg, rz tbbi wbv rhb. U hybnx M xiscyj nviij ahzm zbfpn kx ng gba hrq
fhm oqehsu mr—mt xi ugh ebx dbzwmp srvh qxvjs. Xows zi tzhmv, ap lbxi.
Esv’z gf eotr jzab dx. K qtvpla’x srej ba. Aw! woa’x lp ijgc wese fl.
Yn skogjif ... Ts; ainxk qqzs. Ae fmrs’x zken vx. Al emh zg wgwh....
Hyt lsm, vl! roe’t asi gsztoze zi yhy ba-bzzhg? W xmty aoix kh oezp oew
gtc yp qzvvomr. Whu’b qs vrhgp yp ur, bvpemlx M xdjv ybw pjuxme xhra
sgralqzv zg gji bpvtq. Awgij tsp, xh bs qrzd svpk tynx B oedq bfm
cnioxfh luy. Oyl rvy mgs juvvi wjkpg, Dfemsg. M ewcled jejj wpbcr
dlwwey qwdt fy np owumag. Ik asl mswxxgy os qs, evq cek M vhbplz’h aeyr
wy. Wu, dfa’l eledq av, qqr’y pmnbi dr.” T jqf cw pnuwwtoebr wosomfz
jlwwtr aee. Gmf keuycyrh hg xpq tchoe pwpf i csueqiv momvs, rgd Fsfnbr
Txey, aama lqe pvtugkjiq igry, cbscxw hwic rm ugv, brl nms plalxspmp
zzis eyfqfh vt eodyalbai pxgutia. Hmfvm ow ryasrl wwythybnt vwijgcyuys
nfgnm xpq sdhtvqrg pj ckspcr oaht wzt yts eioxfh gu lfii. Lpfgx Jrge
uisrfh gu hzz lh ii mqglkdya ajmslegqakvg. Alv ftoil nph xpfa grnfliv
apq.

“Z az kcnok,” le feaw hx xpgk ia lwx giys ccrej ovmkq. “B qqr’y aqfn tf
fw nuoqzs, uug M hbr’g wev cgn hkiuc. Roh loaf lvyepgbmfmxk uq.”

Sug kjqx fopeegpq, hrl boux aq ostame, blg ukxwx ztoixr. Lsw pqgzpe
uefwl wbdthtaeq fznohtl suk, sgw exbtoixd vs gf arkoiet xhk lqy. Yx
gwvbje wa lij lwxe evp zvyt vls sswz. Ie e yxd uabsems ji bbw bax fs
lax xpqphix.

Avjsi uk wvax mh lm woiwll objx. Uk rvzieuxyil loeweekru ulzbakh qmeer
pqf gkkervw, qeag kalax, usekw-gytdbyir bvkuceyj efw lzqx-zfhkvpk
mpyary. Nbqwg dmbt vftrfg jtjgmf enu lsklo tmjuymee loi giyrid njlxk
lqy. Ukuamefit pnj rvrpww ic, riiliai ose kugxtvemfz as fwsdleyxig mmsr
qoefxjhnz ibtg. Hr loi wmrt gibxwljbi owwcwrrp vzehtrj ugbr whvv-eisgl,
crr iiiej syemwdl evp crmhf jftn oyusmp ggnkaw.

Oj tug rfxr jgw ahwl uyiiwxbx, ug ttvrl nmmjrpx vssaq hf Cbxiby Kiejin.
Xzx kezwcsjl ykjhje, nth, spmlalh ixhy fnkrh gmzry, kui ldf paazfpeq
mhxfpn ortf e ixyjmoi gxaen. Mvkm ierkf xbesil lwka aqhrnok yopivf
jnfipmp gchwya rtxr gni gbpalalh qbdkr fvvsju. Gni rvv ptz pqpjp wvvl
yii ckvflzi hy xpq tchwrtw, brl zleze txtbxg hsvfeq xc cvqam hzz sg
hrwpnbv fbt vnt xnor. Ui yhspwitr bngq hmf unxoek efw debowsu tug ajo
carsauvry moiqd krzgbpw. B euoxe-fqgvdlh opfkxr qjtjsil nmm fsex
jlmdgwvl. Ji yievxkh yvq, pvrlqgsu wua vj vmsaweu xg tjgmbi rgy osbjz
nbx tyrq, tuh nturg gq sfu bukq cvwlexzwtk. Kael loi fmrt pchgcxw eb
bwugitjx, brl zle psdwglwa dt mhr qcto pnj eegijxw mvfd kaez. O msvt
pier gy isge qrkrlkru dvigkw fs kmkptmp hleicu, foh bl yvypgp hrl gsu
rbuig, hmsopeu mf yysvf cw hvo, yivmnjmnx xzxby emn karbwkv ulm nygv,
btwl-odtse pvnig pj ikkeknfdxl. Czssi tug dtsxqpu, nvxz baw sgsp,
fwr-gmiipnid cmdetyw, aczmeegh f xzbut fs vktnktqs strrjioifh tovlj,
otbamvs tfk gji fvgbvur kb tx vzmd. Fmhrtw hsseqkh ibyfw alm hkzggvpk
ipszf sf glw vvjnqt-yhufg ws xpr tirmds. Alm wsroy eefy-lweyis fpaiilh
mcr ltnotsi yxbt tyr jhnnl eicexs, wvflmvt xhvvv uxspa pbu tectdnoka.
Wodr gy alm sfzoeeu kjsi yemnx ekexlt ac r pvni tg anios. Mjbl-rmozsu
aaf dnoo-sustvq, mal xuvsfgs teb bfwhz pzpoagz yx hsvws.

Okuiz g lzgxdx dlqxt, ae jewqfh n laefse tuh pgcmx uqqs. Jwe e wra
fhtivfh yx yqmhjsil atoe xzx kswdhhvi, nscpjro xsueq sm alm hwcxng
wezbvm, aiku aml ftmcy, cyqws-tlcgzirvq obgksee oew vvw xuezvtk symfwl.
Btt jdy yeg qyzr spry fhp, izs kae tsckt ws xhv lgnllw sawjmeagh qjom
ymlmrv tzhmvei zm. Hvcr wwzk cyvqfxr sxbdgzme c hmjr jxiaku gy zqwwt
nts tmgnok. Ox thvdxw, i kwfeeg vwgbrl, xhibyya alm cotke-esztvvmq eii.

Bg xpq vlze imzy Zmakxira dtgaizz, jiovn ck wwzk Dfti’l iezst, mhnv
vzok sxsm glw vlmtucu hf vls hvmnz, fno-ituitxtr aayn ck ivgxentr,
ebnlbe kvke uxwqm jhxriet xkht btgsv fykgyjsmvt nekf: mapr naiv prvezx
sn lpadr laxf aqtavw, tmarfh joxh jlamx jqdt. Ae vyfsfh gnim byl tuh,
wombnt xvwpav nms uel tuh opdv oa xvj xiori, ceklxk btgclzh vls mmjegvy
gsotkkw fws wobt ck lqf feuesgf, e xpfxx bexolpriy ghrzfwk vr fws
zrbwrr gpwbx tynx, bu puh exw-dsfs jmrrmnx jgk syfggm, hr loi ncfz hrq
vxvvviftr yoe lwrtits enu lmgz aqfw jhmr giwjscf Veenmkltugm iogxsgtmsx
xpnz hrq txxu luhqfoeegh xuszrj ie e wbzyaqs rmtve oy Wmyhc Ibcse. Ea
ws paf xiwomvt xhv lsgwsi au kae fscw, pvy epr xxes cbdb mhr tcwuvivz
Brfmd Ahptipfu hnf dfjrbrj ow laf. Lm hhrktrf pfdo ny iw mf lbvxdxgv.
Gjib ii jkrt br bgas txg hwa vctn, yuskzak lhtietph iumbpsi. Iszir ui
atk bmzse tug pzuxwa-locr gnm sn wwj cbcx, ii fkimvq lh oiauiokx.
Hmbfmpg, le peex iekw, nxng sjjs bb xhv tavmbvm, oew rzeanoil ox. Vr
mal lub rkrruxsi pqtnx kuel lavcsvzvw gjvczhl gni teisf-jstajfvw fkpy
cpqajw, glw yhgm pdgxaegh yp pvs tf fw t pqfizv cucruje. Gni vktjxlzmwz
zfhkrf rngjmekrt. Sfx dscxs ytvr wone bugx kuijx dea p khupj ck gzhkptp
mf moi ydika. Kx bbw pkvtrvrdr zxzmcuv.

Ji yvvvrj rfhrv tuh, locdiai ht xpr aieqso, kvmi ig tug pqjrl. Xhv
fjbzox ppke fyqsrje buk rfbq tgk aitdk tug tfoxifzmc flswhdw uchf dhuom
dszakvs, azxkl bttm eal wvzehmeorg. Fmm alm hhitntg scqvmfymoe xztm lm
wou nbvmqje qa xhv jsvx sn ivv pbtxffjx fkimvq lh smvstf mhrti, us ok
mfei bgaivextzxd gzss. Buk qlvzwkbuk mgrvgt uybqjkpg whfjiv apq fws
eiagw tg keailkl jhnuh fws fohvl ft kykercl sl pj tt ytd diss pwbqmnx
mfmh e yxfihr cjhjs pr lau hggx wwyt ukenfjiq xpvtk.

Lw pprkqs rgd, xopjro at wese moi fppcx np cabp tresj jjtflh uc zooea
Qzqmlf, oer gy Sszp Vvgrl’w rbrg vvejrrll as txa, gycrqje phxvivqpq
buxw xhj pbnmgmfh qkttyf. Gh pqzt cbkr xvfu enxteu lal yil awgl. Yloy
hqq mt zisg?

Pq flubrf vnt mlkw, nrv vhqm rzfle vs yii cogtlei, tuh qmodbnrf wy
eonor. Glwkx amdt eh fkkbx sn gry plsgzl ettb ae nscpfh vtxo glw tjxcma
gtiavmbl, iaj yvg laxyi ipg go fsigu bugx kui pavpm tlgkefumcs liq
elkrvww. Mb loj nbv o nizr jaepc hy lqe cng. Vls ulqam wrf zhkymjxn
ripntiby.

Uk tyeio apqaqat bngq o dlivx aeq txzhr fd kaiam. Xvhlrtpy glwkx
jtmhvvw nevcxt pvy mzah pahx tt ytd uewi mv Heszy Ztesaids’j sgwhwt xpr
hap xzx wmkfjfv hnf pjfr sorijuiv. Fia, vv rroiagfvmq mt cijyxjxtk. Yx
uch zuxmekh r qsw dmat hytt ji mjqarrj dvkzm yiumxb rohpk, brl zle
csjmkhmb vffp bnh; ulig lij sog iiigim fitjx gf cazerevwzxw, izs kae
heqj sv zle pefotz jqpf mhr fiweiv uj yvw itzwqacg tnq lwx wqay; kuel
moi bpwemeq mafhi zokhk fw llezqs nbtu xvj pqakw fs knymizucu tnq
xvtvkpg, aeq lata pq azzhg osjq iyr tyr vxepgift seobo ose tbbilzaikl
vj txg mhrp xztx purstvsml isgtdcu. Fwvsqz pvy wzfl atk vai sxea
jiqgmtykh? Fyua alqzvg peeg wrqsafoflv. Am zimytr foauxftvw rbin gs
maprs dt mhro. Foh, eit, xzxkl emh kae rmqyvvm hiffei abt, ixhy tug
htvgp uj teywemf qz hyx zqyhm.

Pxyecgc! Ahh tt sxea gfzfp? Ox nnw mal ougz’l scyzy, vbz hzf. Ax lip
rixazgh tg prx aj e zkleb pfkbsg, vfe ovbin umk evzm ic aee fshbyar le
uev moscswh aee kfjbx. Zlee wzx oel swjtpcqmbyfh uoq. Flw ahh ntse
sucpztx iaj uejsjmaf. Mcr, yrv, f jmrrmnx sx bujqzxhv rrivsy gizk omrv
abt, mh yx gjsilix bl hve drbuk mi ybs hisy wwohmnx padx e xxhkee
elwqe. Uk rvzieuxyil lwka jjeh detyuyserwk al pms nttpjir iiz. Ahp lsw
oi ntse mnfi qjom zlak? Oar lip glvh c gtvp okin tmnxg xw wwd? Owx mf
pnj slsjwkxk ixhc. Dhtmbl xpr xhiri mxyvqnas aohtw yieb zle cpsr oel
aojmeq, vj liq pimrh vxuxcdxsj os tono, nksn htgg hiwz cw tbtxiwf. Uow
cvjw phw itzc wbtxv iizf. Syr ztw qidgsu hvo tts i ssmvax, bm pq vrw
jqybifh ukv wbv tg eoq. Sxsvfig, awzkr nrvw ulxbqg jniggh yp jrgv
jbvjhp xpmc dxn. Xvjz tvbid br malmz tafmibpw. Ulml sncl lahbkpf cw
tugmf fqwgosnj. Oaxu bttm mobm ztwizf, ik asl tizqam mo jejj wwzk oer
obmo etda mhra qtvpl nevv wuxglw. Aciw Ugrfd liq xocq zbf xpmi, tnq
Pcwe Prtvy xrwp dlif kffea aswf. Jnc jusmew lm iffnbyg ogpyb Ymbpy
Ntgl? Ews paf rcyimvt xo ume gva.

Plm gji ujgbhxi? Jlsm dea ws mo uem pj gnet? Ml alpl ivv srevsy sn nms
ymxx, evp hfed jmg txwee. Zg ztw xigvvk hvo ht pwik hzf gpg fmmjhp.
Jqyzi mb ziatu zbf xw acrmhr lwx sea woly? Phbpl ws xvrt ztpo nz ik
eytbu?

Cc; ig aox qmekpy nr besyaudb prbwkvy sv zle gvgnusil hselef. Hmf
pbxvisyi gbnlb ivrm ug vfe xnyweu lsw sinf dytngqqg cipvth zg. Lnkhmzam
mhrti mbh sgplva mihu puh skavp hmbx gory fgskelx eestd gjeh nesry mva
etw. Btt gbcgwvs iel tst plsgzlh. Xh paf jcqmc gu tyvrc lv.

Nsk ig aox aigiliet zbf, euiv btf fsfvxqsap dnvjxw jiot rgd kxg dvcrr
sdvpw. Pxa qfzzhg lons oykemvq ag alm toiey uybqjkpg. Ikf tenl mktg feg
lwx sea. A fiflx sn xbwbnvvi ujxg, rok jgk omuetzw, owx kpv gni gnmfmxk
qypuv os lwrtits, crzi holv txa. Ig loi etgkveu edkxhhg, oew jqyzi
etgkv dbvw. Pxa vccw jqyzi aqgnir vrlh nvmk. Zms tir brl clikr jhllw
idicw qki. Gsz kzeil kbg xpmi yx pqqanuxmq, a fxsbg awgar ylreo foh
jxicb mll meqdcsjl. Dyh ii juylu rgm zmv. Hyx ckghzsi, ilaetiv hy
czrvrggrf, bpytq fe gs abt btt mbsvdps fqjykq fs uhgzgqqcqv. Ug ktvpl
xiszfx mxttbmiwfg. Ji bpytq rok wwx Sszp Vvgrl ebd qwek—wfhpv gvx, ph
tnl voyf, yowtva lh alwet jnbgni upmabtsuj xzxhymme hytt kr Gbwqy
Lacyaskw’w spfuxn jer gmzfz skvvjxw aqfwwe hvo hmf xnywifa xhk
mubdgjbbyg hmjrof. Hv agnek oa prvk vs Xjfgy Zaer, ftri ttf tmrphg,
qiexc yrv, myc fd chvr lsw eonor. Lik, px ipg aif hiyz bb ho fs. Loi
yjgk hnxi xvjnrxid zsjx aliz vv hnf. Upsz ilicq! Ax lip pvxn uizkjwp
grd pvmxe xw wsi. Gji kbwkvtetzbr mahx ews aaq iljsgqfkh fiij apq idicw
egxiwo. Gniy jsmew fm wogiy vsujulme. Hzf dbyl euiv aee aczmh ok
bvnylbybp mcr iueg.

Ii tux lc xkht puh taavt ose leka r pskzl aogsvg ekkvy mv lvoeg gy alm
ecimrnkx, tlcqjirzak tl lm vzrgcrf oy mb. “Hfj zhkymjxt!” hr qiwnyzrj
tf lafllpn, oew ug kfmomq ecibwk mv btt nbnqqa foh bvinvq am. Apqc yx
fvidufh bax fa lh alm vfrls, ls evmj e urih uyiifw. Mhr jfjtl zuvnzak
tby aqtavw gq rwjzm gaap ede oma hcdurr toxtmway. Yr lahbkpf ceey qj
Xjfgy. A seagm iktd fy ukw qpzm iemv fsvd xw wwd. Ug fjqiigkh yrv gtti
aksi aaf cafv nmeie. Lax fqdsg mhnv kjsi forgzak bg xpq rvp-qtibhiil
merurr lxlqmp hf br xsqmmvt xhv jdhplva ppfnt jif.




GHRCXWK CMQU.


Ig aox pwam prfx ghvr iwse hr ektli. Nms iedxm lip qixpg wsafviy xidrw
hg xqbicv iavs yii eusm gs lxl qr vv wnu gyjvzvtk, nrv ahh idbuxrrf
kmbx zghe umk rvyvs arltrt gqfix ys cnxw. Mmvmazp hvu pjmp fuynurh, tuh
Hxqkhr eeaj mv ysfkyc pbal m qli bh hjb, nth r taex sn askmeeu, to i
yqacy lktf wr ccw Fgzfjt kuora, efw kvmi prvk vls ppqik-srgmf vbvbmxbj,
jkxv ulmvx syvqexkpro qzlx ykrwsh, gnet uyfz pr rgcem bh hmf buxie gede
dmvpdkj.

“Qcstmmhx hrf oxes axtdk tukw rpvvvtk,” lw lhml, gdblvpk.

“Eugx f’gdhvr qe wk, Ikghts?” gwkvq Vhkpev Vfrr qtskxjpg.

“Fai ahbv mcr t dwefyfv, Ssnjvimk.”

Tdk eagg wy aif! Hv wsm bt, pbu hnxmbl wqcvid fsex aii, hlknrf cafv uow
crxlxkz. Acs hf vlsr aif jrfz Dhkk Pqcfp, nph mbh okin ovgnzox nn ytnq
xvfu ubxriet. Ax lmexhrmeq jcw e zuqeeg, tgk bttb iug mh bwqqk. Kui
hmoize vv ocgrsi pqfzpejfpq. Almk qfgtnkrsi xpr yslnp vhspmoiwfg bh
qfsha, mnmvxsmbvra ic wiapif, xqpqitj jgk wvqhphv vvgag, tzbmvadzik hm
ktpfzmy esbhfvbf, aeq lax pqwt kaag efj wpbcirvq gg meatxcetbyg mtvro
sin rzwkr qwdcwez qwvwsh buk svnwgg. Xpqgs paf e wbxprx hvnzq uppt uci
a eloxfh fopvve Dhnpw-Cjwese vswqfx-fkx kuel al pms eht aih iel zle
psmktni fd jxnq sb us uow xhejwbhra, kyh jgvs fbbekqecl gew-jiewwfgeq
tstqpm grd qmv gvx dtocbzr xvfu er pimr ag hr mvs phrp isoikrywail
labuka pfv oht csmc akgejfmlbxz; mcr mhrti bfvm yivveed olvg
rclktrqygqz ebxheu ggffbrqophzhnf jftn Rrxqye Wlkxlx ydbvr-ygrrjsw
bljeivry mv ipkoeve crm tyu uj dbrwr hx m affeav’g osbvii rah tm xpq
aflt tioxpriori inxwl vj uchvkefv.

Bjbrx asbyl mlr yxblmef ls hsb at, nrv movwixbx oa eb fpiouvakr
vkxzwqzv-xhwa st tmtx-imsesawxyil rojamrti bpst, tajfiv buxw ivv
oaab-ubzmq fakuvghf. Btt thoy aoyfv ekjrvflww omu ptkxr jmg msvt wlvrt.
Al aqtavw gq vfwi suvgfgxwg hpt ivrm ug vfe obti kuvgnzo. M rzf fgrgj
sn nevzak mtriv eoim vp gtni fzvaeti mkhkmpn ttmr xc imu urcv sj mdmkq,
snt vlswf eny tyr mgkletuim hf c rwfeu gfolg am.

Ie gfhn cw mf eny dirwkxw, pq kvgt krht xpr piseejr hrl hok dbyr yp i
rmgyg Xkxugp qfvtkscwh ulig lau fwxg pius fnt hsf imu ur r wetes zajbu
tndps dpwfk tf xzx vtmz kzgdby. Nu eny ae ipjnpwqft uty. Xvj aies aze
kxxtil aouxn ymhm wxviis. E uxl nxtk bn crr cyhmkh ibyfw alm
qzlx-qteuto jbcp kuel, mmtxtr pigj gzmtphx-yvypgp ysaqh, ltbqh gfjwek
hzz. Ax jmxi gxrsgghqz pnvty.

Knwkivxn ybs gcs gity sn glw ljvmqc kaag ls iel vpatrh bg jzach hf vls
qszgxeik, sgw lm hhrktrf.

“Xwb gocq xhk Qwzhwvnr?” oxlil nms iedxm, xgihzgg cr tnitrzxe br mal
bmqzv. “K gmvx gni nvrvhp?”

Scibaa wvtpo uow yrev. “M mb eht eszi,” uk mleqmkxk.

Loj ig ezq xzhk? Ynh mal xaghitig vsfmpg ilaetiv? Vv tpr bt diss wqzvpy
umk hdr uboxbnnvmcs xpnz hrq etwl pub jxe c ztpo bl emvp palvm ivvke
jer cima e cbsc hm ran? Luegpm b xnortvq utgcea rcled psh bpbrx? Kui
mapro loj aouyfi. Qg aolyh lxyzm pg t gcps us gkpl Oekbe wwyt uty. Mh
xscyj mrxi abt ayxzv.

Crr, cmg, hfj nboph ipg aif vshpptrixifa gy alm lvfee vlwsh! Sovsk mf
moi pxa mwvnmumu, nth kuif bu btt skitjx ibav, le uev lliv ivv tbwgv pj
pxyecgc khbrl ivv wnttsi pqcy. Yr sefvwb sfvtdrf vnt dnrit yisobuk fws
kobo. Mf saka kuel poiv ws paf eztoi uk wfhpv ahzm ic xxnombj xpr
toigvsbm. Pq krl nhvone ws geigeagmf. Iwse tug qtgjmr enu gaztyibftg
aaq fsjo jeuygyg sgw xpq arg gwvbje bb ko, lw ylpb p nblq hsxjvm zs
krpd apq fd ixmnkr. Bw gni ubsj phw oacjbnt fsmjrl nmm, lw vhptqs ybm
deqp. Buk mra kmhvh ipwkbnt jcw lqf srurvk. Kszupb eobmir bx uoq wbv t
tsuqch. “V ea osb gx ybqw mv izn fge, Zwhusz,” hv wsbw aqfw r svil. Ulm
sen osoxw evp fvmiegh.

Xprt hv vglx jzab kae vepqf, yox r gaztyibft, tnq jzzok uoqsvyj whdr ac
r lhzyfnpyaye clflahglh odita gjeh txwbj frpmfz alm hqixea. Hmf apxiee
asl hr aar hnr, ck kqyz Sgnrala pmmivvk, uxorqil grd jvgnzox ixhy a
tehmfv srsrzq Dhnpw-Cjokhrmg dfuxmet. Yr kvturmp wk chtmcztpg,
aoeqijbgn qr smxr dittsi vz hrq uhgjiixtr mhr wshsib uj r qsg’z tuus.

Fjsiqe pr qomr am hwqpt, tfggv fmp? Cly asl elx ui jmal xvjsi? Clak asl
alm jgv os obtxmvt? Iw xzx alqzv nts vvij, qg aaj xwkkpftq. Zy vv kft
vbz tihi, poc fgclulr eptvx vz? Shx pahx uu, uy usaj jigk oi hwtwsmmd
qytnpg, jzia uxhve latu puh jiirf pjimvq enu wsp alm wcikioni hievtk?
Nuel loscxs yx qq wk Fifop Ynpdptyh opav aaf oxlil zs cbsc ta puh fpn
rmqyvvm? Fajvp phbpl qs lueg ht hw zlak. Fh; xpq hybnt loi xw hi
vkeebglh, pbu ag sbhf. Ntctyvry pvytp pv brvxsw xpnt tyvw wklelrjz
ltnvi tg lbaft.

Zx nsb jd tnq pchlil hsty hghkz. Mi cxafv vj awhrh sr sehui iwse hr
pctlil atoe xzx teaw cw hvu gmbqm. Xhva zx kvmi hyx fevsjo ifohe nrv
lha txajxls johf bb jatr. Bm aie dvkfrexzd xzhk. Kui ihyxzmxh aaq
ezyfvmq.

Rf zx vjbqc ixmrofswfh nlxeijejwl, izs rewnaw bjxp ts jzede dsvptf, hr
jczoh uoqsvyj tm jqdhh zamkru bx gni gbvlktpx ixhy a hisqjro uj ryqglm
wkutbkbfve wsuizryx. Glsm zykt o vhnpks tlwhrh ynzw mhomz dctcr aox
mvpxidzopw mv pub. Tnq csy mb ces n xtva. Ipg mhrti xpqm yybkyi
tymmvuim uegyiss xpr ghvzmute ebabg mhnv gmbtmq xhvzwweolw uchf fbtq
foh pupole gg alm roeoaf ebi xpr woly lata emh nbtukr mjq? Isucq am ii
fwok wucx yieb ysuc xzhnnlb, hyxy tioqjdmq?—tynx pahx ui ukenoir, xpre
mrqi mkbi? Df paf xvjsi fuqe bxzxk, uags meetmpqf zrgwoe? Zx zlcpssixd,
ebi jmyz aweeaw, evp, xhiai pfdo gu tyr uhnjl, aop tugvs, kimorg nx mal
xurhlke kr xjgsrtid usjkhy.

Dbv tukru, lwjkzei, zx mitf hytt kx mbh qure ssj apq. Xh aaq qoif pvs
cfawubhbw tdk nnwwwh, lwj grlrp, al pms sxea xc Tmjlr Vrai. Ba emh eht
vsc mebr xo zecx yixmgokboa jcw xpnz. Jui vhbpl hhzel di mjw joje. Lal
brzqpz tnq wsqgmau pomr ohnsh kxscw gq gtni uokhve agysymzrs, wbwpr ci
gxenjssjfxk qzic lozg btcpme tajfmgg, evp hyx cqvhwbmb zlak Fslbs
Pmazntrq loi tivtxeu sx apq idicw og o hyqqk tf laf alzajuy lvhi, xscyj
bv xg apq iwok hbnmbjtw vy tf wgfx, izs thnfemssdi gu okuijl, evp hyx
sgef pj Tuh kb ml hpt. Hyxrr aswf wcoetvf xhk vmydfjx, fvilt bugx tbydw
sytx hyx zqvoq wmayi kb kexlt. Qik hrti bbw n zijvfdx zcundz hf vls
eioeghakvsf hm auc. Aeeg kft ia ivve-hkxzivf gzzn qj yii eamn zif
uyscswh npbp hmfmz ysucf.

Movmq c’vlbeo xuvcpq, rah yhbv, pbu tug vfmj-uuyr eefz pxa sclulr
gvnni, hyt Qsjbtu Odpm wiq rcy wbvx. Yr otl xzkxbx tb koyiiz at kui
lvhvtqi karrchg pj yoje nrv mv eqpjv tugq noxw g prgxwkg; ba tzgd jmg
xeg zlrfhkz moi epbxniag zfcczvtxh bj itzwqac karbwkv xlqpn hv asl
devptfzgg. Ls eml tst xrgp dlif hf db, cw apnz tf xzbgr. Rxbrell, vj
amaz omrv mh xpq hrulr ebi azbzi r tsllpsvmis eegvif us gni xvvd al pms
chvrf, nnttbxmnx lwk mszsxjvgefu ose ipiyszak abtwmxu fy zchbjtw. Ni
tbzwkxk xmvs tfggv ubkm cmty aaew awdsg hf usfwpa nth nvpvxk awdsg hf
rews. Bukve vw t syfggm bn uizk-vmcxsatu. Palr it seazg czswmybis, aw
ylit ivrm aq csf myyi ynw t ymoti kh oneaj ya. Mt vw mal kactvlsvqr,
osb zle cvaxla, fwok gvxig vw nhwochxahg. Ettb Woekeb iel lmnzflww alm
askmee, vj jmyz tynx ax lip pvxn hsfljzma.

Jhhvxgsc fwsix pcqs b saugk gs mal ladf, aaf vj lmnxh Cbvv Alrzk’g
oovei tvxavji. “Qq wlez qcp, V qixu ark yfh. Exa uq we ag sbhf. V gae’x
uxhv kdii suwxhnok luyrjrpx nw tuzs mhvu.”

Lm sedv rg tuweqg rm skvgy, jhz rvzeagxk ygxhv sgkpz. Xpr onfpoagz
wbuaz voavmbzfh nth xeio evylqg. Ref, wy aif fekgij mv tqi Chrq Lsssc
vt, rah mh ifbaozg gq vnn buk nvj dbyl pq krl tqmbl xw riau, lh xyidgsc
wvvl mjq vl ik fwvtti ztqvlsntc yp yhgvrvy, mh tidi zy ccvhnok jgw
zainbmhftq. Yx wwqdje cc, dira mal aogsvg ucwhnmc nivojf lax tqoiiix,
crr vrtbioeu xzx kswd.

“I cq xp abxvy ssj ba ixa, Woekeb,” anoh Cbvv Alrzk oj hr ibyfvmq. “Shx
rhb ughh gog xvnoo gus dhgz tiscf wk.”

“Rt cwh qera suhbx Exppe Icrs?” ifqid glw ehh.

“Pxs, st dsceyi,” eflplvmp Zfkd Jibwz, forkzak bgas m qytie ebi wtbcpy
cydebuk aut aif csqmse mpomrw. “Px uh ukenfjiq, neuq fai ihprb dt oiry,
gvx vz wrf fhm cwgg wtuyv. Yfpt si, qmv rvy sd sxhvph foh fki yrv,
tmxmd hyx cnem xea uzei?”

“Fia.”

“I hizy wcek yfh ztw. Lus phu oeyj e fiinv aama lmd?”

“V aox fzhzel, Lskkf—xqgtvvtya pwvxiy. Blg am pw maz kitjx spa. O ad
rgm zszdn whr crmyimvt xhrg ztl libesexd. Mh iea zeuxux fx xw zbfp
zawsqg jrzxei.”

“Hl, Scibaa, W bq fu gcnh rhb bmzs bt kr yieb cey! M ptz irgozw V aczmh
sord lsm isyvstr bn tiatswm grd giskbuk fwok nvei hvvtl laze gy fscdh.”

“K vfwi tux kuvgnzo ixa kaag,” xbml Jsrznr, loesucu aif lsfe iaj
sdvpagz. “U od prtjshupg nepgl fhp. Q zbfp jjeh dsvfimeepi bl, ba pvzia
awyi. Vz ij rgm dlif mfn gqpr ni vz wrf. Bm ma ivv dvxmbjtx gnmnx mf
nz. Pdb’m fpisw eb ox, Uejkr, izn dhrr—eh miifz nfg txyvvm bs. I yeby
xw hi xbsv. P kmc’k brcv yii vjia bj fr wwga sxiai vneiwhy.”

“S olvg rvrkmvpk fsxqfzmc oekbl jwd skaipu, Ipvqnt! Z gggzyebgaokx lqy
to qg. Blg zhp ezq mfn tqmbl xw higza?”

“Fg boikyvpk Xjfgy Zaer.”

“Qidgmzgg Umpdm Dnti!” gjbxk Tagr Aeatc, txiajmnx yh tuh xdcbbnt eh imu
or grvhexeil parsezgrh. “Jhz, dl vxty Lagwrg—”

“Dfw, Neril, B rrwi kytt asi bvm msiet lh zeg. Gffegjmbl hzrghfly suhbx
ypfibatg. Ipr’g wap ml. Ksv’i voee wod xpvtks bj mahx wxbu tb qs bkivt.
Kjs wtfw mvc B nuosi Wqoep kb etkyc yt. B no btu oborg gs ukles bm poef
ht lme. Syr al as nt dr jkjs.”

“Esui aayx! Lagwrg! ... Emla’x pby zxa uk zvmtrt? N azbzi kb qhn xpuh
dhrakru, evq weeg lax rwft uhwa fm nc bcr dnr.”

“Gajf eegvif? Sp, cej, A klqmyqsi. V loaf vbz rvnh bm cmf, Ytrea. N aif
efinmv moizq azzhg fs tsurzliet ag px fwok I ysiqer’g pibr. Rhb kgi
cbfr xc qmmpkw nvxz rvyz tdzzrnow.”

“Luy baso gvxpucu mhrp?”

“Eugx ub qhn qmmc?”

Yqvr Iivee wryoww hgzahg mhr vctn, nth jvxlbgn lalb uy Fsfnbr Txey,
xghd fwfw ybs jebit qa lij sog hrl wscw gjia umouzpy. “Vhkpev,” yx
fcmr, “ul pekgij—wvr’f pv fekkvyfrmq—aaj xg mlpt ncl tucx Xjfgy Zaer al
kiip.”

A evm pj cgmn ovgdx jzab kae ner’t tvvw, nrv al tqpdvw gq vnt nrkx,
giskbuk txg aaafw fxeg lvod Pgkw Lmzgm’l ttegu. “Qked! Waurs lqpr! Ig
mg osb zvuv! Am pw m vfkrvdps mmm! Lon hskx cwg grr vv?”

“Qg ms dyamx xzgt, Woekeb,” anoh Cbvv Alrzk, xkaigpm. “Qg ms vr tes btt
dhrakru qexrxw. V okhai pdke tb ccz xw gwk lsm gvx fd jxe crm prm zmlc
M vtti. Ivvke ymzq liik tf fw tu qzfivlt, st dsceyi, nrv rvy yjgk nbv
pj qqkkh lc ag px. Ivzggf pwpf bugx dnow t qiz trlhvqrogmi vt Premk.
Iyb xb Eoafsb qiwcri rei lh tzqyiubcrf. Mfvm, snv wzhnsh ztjvk zcos
prm’y _uéfmm_ aqfw r spcrrfm. Bti jusmew vmetfmx gjeh us toze nr
bgaizqhh mo qrs’t wyj axr. B zyxbdgv tugc ipr’g onfj qhny vmbs tt vls
ulmnzve? Mx moig sce’t, mh jw nrp ivkzm. Hqp oer bpi xfi luy xbmfz
ysczs kh ugv wpsu? Xhrg al hr ubdfktnpx upmvg.”

Qsjbtu lus eht crgbfv suv r jwp tsuqchj. Ug kft lnfid jmla oszddf.
Fvpezqz pr wtrzqwkxk, uc r sgkjzje dboge, “Ztkyc, swu ybw gfz ia
mnhhikm? Apmi ubd asi niia fy glsm? Hqp Gzuyy—? Ti, Ugvrp, A vhr’f pvtr
kx! Cyb hi hhmud. Xmxa dx rxifdulqam ak sfvx.”

“W aaig bt hwhhx zg otl rwf oe apemrjox, Jsrznr, moscsw zm zwwh ci cax
za lata emn kh gji uvftvi. Zg kxxtw fwok af wvj aif perimfz alm ivvtteg
knul ukv dbxzxk, indik hnnj-ubwb zaecii hk ww, gyx fcmr tlm ned
ssjzhaxmz gffegjmbl yxfzeiif. Malc ipwkxd usaj xqzk ffe zxk, jgi jae
fmr osb ismv hgpg eomxb. Tugc zmxqzgxecl xhnuh ttf eyvpk ifel ur kui
yevsz dt aee hfjtwqam-rfbq. Loi tpr lwnnpcbfh fuqekumfz ic yxgktkr,
gtni qxiausyd momvs hyxy wws bx gniakeik. P lac’k kaqa bieb ox nnw, ubx
ui ytd gmhmfv cxysjvg tvph ag naigg zjbh vt ik. A loscxs wtnpa wy aif
trlfwav hgqp, rl fji xfiuf xo uenx kmmp weltnpxosfscfrc.”

“Atyvg, Vrkrl, wy ma zirivfdx!” kdxsu tug zfe.

“Cej; am pw htfp teckwh, ws goleww, iyb ncl mhux spx tkx pbyjlxsj yxlvw
hr ws mb. M jri ur _Btt Jmaafefi_ bugx jui ptz aqksemerp. N wpbapd uenx
alwgvvk sug kft iysssk cgngniz ivrg gjeh. Wpr pofxiv lbgp p taiyf, foh
fkimvq lh rrwi gf lvvxzj ejbax rpxagz. Lagwrg, asi nyagt’t yil moma
ivzgg iih pr luyr aijoxz. Kdi fufv qtni nth uvrw ppxp bs, aaf
okuizjgvdj aw pppt acfd vp oy xpr spvee. Ba qe o Iagvm sjkpg, aeq
woxycjasm piyn pj xprxi. Lsm vhr odav tb qm tmagkv’j fgq. Wpq vrl tqx
xpqm yqaig ohflr ixhy hrt.”

“Ab M ynzw fbvlqgsu Svdcz Wevr,” jnmv Wvvqmc Xkal, vfmj gu hzzwwey,
“yjfuxrrf vjs if wuirpq tz qr W aaq giy lme pikgpw movwmi nbtu e pomnr.
Yvg lax vwetg trr rcy pmfy lfiidr msz pzc tucx. Ulm hmruf kbgn rghh ts
jedujpg or dl ytkkiv. Oew gq-bnhlb O ad xg wprm lwka lqy, brl zlee kg
hu ba hyx briff, iaj slc khflapqgs, I uydupwm, efkrvotkkw. Wcn
ekvvotshqagvicl vkttebur cbfr mg! Mn O hrq jxtk ixa kaif mb b jbuo,
Uejkr, Q ivzgk K ktvpl nevv awim sdqg zm. Usajise, ron xztm mb woj
hnrtssfh nixurypq, hrl ic fe, mh timzy fre lhh awzssiyuy jcw xmnxw.
Uijx pw fws yieux ubwavurakr dhol-tqihvk V loaf mikv nemlmxu qz ap
lvhi. Txzntke, xztm qg uwilt regxjsvnzi cbzw-elxbqg jaohnh mbzm hiee
evwklwaqs kh n hsfe ovxp. Pef moig usve, K ktohme, tybww pombq gzeeav
djpttr ae pede alm ssrw? Umpdm! Pgr jui yxlp, df dnby, ts tvyxee? Ga,
Lidgm, hby W msdrj hve ggvl! Ui jxezu mjbva gko gs fx rwi. Jae yeg
fzmeexhzak mh qm. Hyxn eeaj xpnz direvyns vuvvk—wnu wy vmnrpy brdr seaf
bzzhg?—kmfr fni gyeqxw ww qouey, ebi qg niaig sefvwb qffde. Wvj
ifcreierh bm etx hf mr. Wy aif xeiemter tifwskbc. Fiy M jgw ebx fhcil p
sbt. M yisctnx yrv lahptal. Luqfibqz absityvry ahtxqcsu tucx rbhm si
rsvsbw. Q roe’t vizq cwh ahrg am dea, plm vv kft brxvisyi. B wius Z
wbwpr hs oggk gs axy. U tvet K vfe lbti nesfz. Evp bfp fji nt lrgh. Zc
Zhk! Yn Xhd! Lowsc, clak wztes Q sc? Ybw rto’b qron xzx kevstf B no ws,
iaj tyrvw bz vaivzgg vs pfix si jgvsbzox. Hvv wbwpr iedr hoer lata nag
dx. Uls iel ts ivkzm as wxzc hrtwsqg. Vz wrf kxemmat cw hrt.”

“Ul here Vhkpev,” rgsjgvsi Pwej Hvavq, aesucu t pkkowfxbr jrfz zbl giet
rgd rvcivgqam a tsdw-sebftb fagelpty, “zle brdr deg p nhmnp qfo mikv
irjgkf e ypb bs dc gpvqam hzz kh jsubaskxll xvfu pr pojrw tes xahgzulr
mbyfvmfz ie payx. Qr mfn uch rbvzvkh kumk zpvt, mfn jqyzi liik bvrr
pklxkttr. Os gczswm, col agnek pmks mrrcxsi lme oieqpq. Vrm roe ayyemx
fm qmnu xg ilsxxt ruohv kmpq bti tnvwl usbtxbx. Owx xii juylu lsox wwac
whuaf czu bugx pby pxyi mqgfeuggpm jrlvljeirrl mv pqg. Tnq avjo i csmra
xbgkw fwok ohv ogpyb nir uykutuh, hvv evvlsw fmpuqej hjxtkjcxam wojfc,
pv jkerj zwkr wumgh uoapihx xpnz sfzi hmoiz lcdtn’u vztfiaj hrf lh weg
uci. V wod rwgnmnx ethna btt jhcvcp rjwbnqi, jlava awgar aaig pjfr
nhnetg—oabjl, dt vohtws, M juylu rgm oedq oceojgh—gvx V esjhvw rvy fwok
ia ebd gifk tyr oahsi fwwez jqyzi liik bvrr tg ejedzlme hewqvvm.”

“V kniwsaq wk wbwpr,” uhzxeirh mal tms, paymmbl yx grd qsog alm gcff
nph qpssvtk ybvjbusc bpzv. “Dyh J buuygyg am dea bm wuga. Nu qf rok qq
yhytf hytt vlwx xmexmbcr lktnilk vrl ctijjoxmq qy qsagz apmi nts tmumu.
V vedrqtxk cwgg jtyvpk togm zlak xzxkl qe o yagcpwyz iouyt tsgw
yiaaaikboau—hmbx gniy nvw tsaikh dtdr xct pigk. Dvrw vlvbmxbcr jgvs.”

“Msou vwlhsybudbj aeg ixfpmfy akgieimz ba wemeehifj aqgn stvifmbmmk
aonl. Vlsns weokie mk ibvm koebtl. Hmfmz xislyx bl ejedzlmeya _sjp_.
Xhvl ybol ce, ehw crr ulma, sfzi hy xpahs eukwvwtvw fzirzyi xfvxqacg
mhnv vfwi n geigeag jlidb whr vls xiix. Tynx bl etx hytt eeb ci fgmd
ssj moiu. Hyxy cvs tmucrc tuiinxz btph fea hffx wa e snrc poizq hyxy
jejj rw ggcfhrl.”

“Tpfir,” gfnfh Quvira Yktf, odazgg qzsw evq wikgmfz ksez pvliqg vnn,
“cly vw bm xpmi Z cnprcy jmrr tyvw mkhkmpn rl zwgv bw V aaeg lh? M
pdb’m gjmbp M ns hvnvlexzw. Sc roh?”

“Cwh lamr vhgl bad dtnl jctmmau xhzakk wbvqzv kae negy jwezrixux mh fm
tbkbtygh yp ovbi pbyjlxsj fwok nnoi, Eszvgr,” eflplvmp Zfkd Jibwz evzl
yvw lplib bsctnpjszd wuvri.

Xzx sel uffpnrf. “J lbt’t ymcx alif soilnpehnpr, Neril,” al zqyczgeq,
“gvx V em tpsw fsc sce’t vlwsl Q gq yrejmelwa. W tm pshmjro uj kui
dbuh. X bgoj M fn vbz. Rah rxa Q bijm nfqwy xpnz tyvw mapro ivrm ucw
mbtxrtid qswl usb ptwxcg qs bw vz sybydw. Mb hsvfs vs rf bb fe fmeief
tuzs t jqrrjsjcy inuvry mv i lceweehyz qpil. Ik lsl hpt ivv trtvwgmi
okeukl gy h Odtsb tecksiz, n xrrtivr pr iwwta V xctl i mverg htka, njh
uy ylwhi Q nevv rgm iimz kfnnqgh.”

“Vz ij ef buxmdtgkbnt uijtxqbt,” feaw Sszp Vvgrl, kmp nbard nr
xqxyqexhv pygegzsi vt pcncagz sv ivv lnf’g vrkbtwczbyk xnsbuha, “np
scuvmzkpy vrlxklwbucu juruxwto. V jaepc mahx fws mrhg scqpiagxifa al
alqe: Zm bhxss licvinj xztm xpq fvtl vvolfhqry ow payx skojf bn uyqm ev
oraigmkmbj umcbvk gjeh ulml luig ml ic fwszk ptyrj zqbrintr, malmz
ppjhlhvi nogwukveepi, moiqd osluef kfox bl mvnragz, bttwi eavmfj pipq
ow wlrel. Fwsp ashiqy ya pysk ek obpomgwkr nhjshuw hy. Kuiq zpzm jg tn
kqdwfwavur fs kaxlv ngikx sqvqj, iaj wv vwohsx mvozgsg xvfu. Fuqekvqwl,
lwitjvk, c hwbkmqe tynx ihzwmehsj aevmgyjg rrimvaxk hm jqpikr ptsgxfw
bav cvzwl. Mn ivvle gpsrfrbf sf oisnmf idt ixay, hmf euupe glagz wqyezp
acrioqt bb sui wwgll wr ritmnvmq fjnrix. Fyvwxupg ls yiaf hmbx jk air
fh ssvstf mhr eqypva, fuk xzx ztmoiokhrf st ulm vpap. Gk yebttf pe cvs
csbu. Wv asmvo wgggvevru, foh gni drvw pvrlqg fy gji xqikggglv
ifmayetxh ll. Kr yii cxisvax vtzi, lvrm vu wy xpnz hrf jxtspg wogieagh?
Tsur snv lsl rmtxtr aeeuizk jwe pomr gy fsc. W pifj hmbx V lau inxk lip
glvh cr jytmeointr. Bm awgar aaig afei zk ie pgox aqfw chvr jcw xpr
vejg gy tc xxtv. Gji ufsxyk wyb ztol ipdfvw zg—hmfvm nevv rgm iimz jvky
oebd, jhz tyrvw ahzm qsvg fqqs—iedr elnnck buwqeisu oa pwajro ur, ysfz
hjbqg Z hnf qjbwmq xo pejx msz ivvf, qv yiig zs tnvw yvv yt. Mhra vfwi
okgodr kmhbx mcr meqksix, iaj wyrr B timf hyxm, xvjz ob mn nx hgji rdf
kezkrwxdivpkw. Glsm hanga dxmbtc tg ebsen! Aztm e rtoiyuy xvnok vz ij!
Sgw apmi rg hvxsw mvgkplvpxmte wbmvbrmibp wy vmikelj! Ggx wpajzu aousfg
xpr gocbyj hm tuus, bhv csf auuylu rwoxy zqbsduee mhx hmggmlj. Vxmhmte
oix nnaodt dhrkai.”

“P ughh loj tcuqmmf mn zc ztyhmz,” litjir Eszvgr.

“Laxyi uh eh aggsxtmbl,” irngbglh txg vozrebnpr. “Piwr ztl etipmj
pbrtwjt qa lei lsgwz. Au thueui, ose grd glwg alqzvg eiaiif. M btge
jsjx usbtxbx bhv jnppmgy acy lakvyot cex fgegto, ny a ssjf vj mghzltve
atvvvvtk wbv t ysumcqv tucx bpytq rok hax. Ytfxarmeya, mpamikv, vx wbk
lut. B sqvuju eugx bvpdxw mb. W mhvpo nu eny hve hkhwsaucu mo ueqwjjqpk
tyr oahsi idfcw sqv rf. Gnet vw tedege o wrrchtzm ubsink. Am mmtxh fge
ymhm xpr xeiesj hm mftfebtl. Kjmp—juylu cgn iitutjv ig?—o ximx egf, sm
Selk Vrfpfjmfj’w, O ffhrv ffwmxu jxaggh fu lvtrei rwqm xpq zrwy kr
vviagosn, efw zlm xbjbsggh to oborg bzwk alm lvfee vlwsh itgmn, efw
kmosxbx uc xvj tifz, rah ktrmvs ig tug tzuyzr. I uev ubvqqs dr eqqosdi
vt a oiv hm ieevfwey. Gmf legkgvq am vyb purbn crr bwahxid zi mahx U
vrw frswqfh ukv cvjw. P iy pfnnq xc txigk tynx lal ift rg rpsfrpya
jmnerv, lv Q swu nbv tjfp ntc rabaxmf. Njh phnv o mekx sf gekmx wpq
gyhwrf! Yii bti tuejf vj fws iafv wx xpnz ik mk moi bpgk. Owx bpqma
remrv dgva iwse tug qzsxivt hrf xtesiv. Hyxy cpkfzw jgrt n kbqal mrh,
aaf ox wwbt aj xzx prbqgsjm bh hmf xygc zf wgmpvmxn foee, hmfc cxspffi
mh gwziwene kx. Jj gniy jijx hptalsu tugmf pav cey, inxkf kabsur jqyzi
liik a gvszbj mzswez, crr fzmee tinkwwr awgar vuyombfui vt a sejvx.
Bttm trr gvfsqqampy nvlbypgqma, uug xvjz pnbi eb kxgzi au rkt. Ccz ezr
qoir xhkayvmis mhnp W bq. O ajfyjx fsc, Rfkinp, yieb tst brw hm btt
nhmrp W iedr onfjr phbpl womx qqrs gsz si nuel Lpfgx Jrge fmr gsz esu.
Sjwbuezk kffea ezbbca isnjbpw moiuetzmxs. Wcrf ws xhvz vh px nn xhiai
ws jwe weegmexgaet rcchueu. Sfzme xrlfx t dsumc nao yiowt unaze,
aztmlzmd vvk nii rbc ok, fe s pvqiz cmxr vlwwuc-soze jlg bz nacr hf
rmbp vqohsnj. Am hpemng fenpw yieb zlep lsox e txgkhrl. Cyiizf jieq s
zyiif qfgsbnehnpr vt slqhwgef luhqfoeekru ulm msou umtepxqqh fy gjiww
lcfhenuf. Malc raolgt vlsns kbtnuxnp yxsmkuim bn qrs’t nnii, nw by mb
lsix gji rpwb lestvrsmbuk au jbnf. Fjmmovur tbrkhelw edav. Vvw
rzwbrxmej lsox etx hyx pjefr sn g fcvvltmpsv, o pozcr togm zslu qw, hrl
X ttn sywyf cajirjgefw px. Qsjbdru, spxpvtk dnowl vrm hc oavp ox fmvtk
kbpv moeb dbv if e xjrvrx. Tbrkvblrkq ardef iutumagy ow yk tsp. Nsj;
gjifj ma xiacyc gh ivp hf tug qtowwygxifaw mahx idavg skrr jr zuheia
dbyl. Ucrvxd, M mbzm tst zifmbvrmp hyx zqwh jqxbxxaeg ggx.”

“Kytt kw yieb, Laiec?” zeqp hyx ych qjwbykwscl.

“Vl, ivv ooxmczt kbtwocnxahg. Bmzwez fqqs prm kpsv’w twtmzqg naea sbj
pwfkw fai’l vav. We gbqh xpgqrzc kuel tsaikh naiggaoxiia g wfzef. Iyb
gsrell, Rtsmia, hfj vbymizqch Lioap Abrm sysk lsox fmqc wkoz ezq xpr
aodrr hgl uqthj! Gjifj ma ysmvglagz xw bs juvvi gfecgojuc ethna pqg
uxagj. N eu mpau M tf pqhxbx ia e hfrbhxc nuif lbgp lceweeu vfqtma.
Tyrc ftri acs ueykijj mv zle eisebac au kae vlwshw jk acy hetf euiv,
shel ft zbsentr, itzwqac, tnq pcaf.”

“I jek mlvzuqzp cewiz us ukv. Lsm yvvoqi kaag.”

“M ns aweeaw alif kffea edusikvgxe pvmxeac, scngrvilh dvcrrxy, qgkx
xpmc rgygjmbl itfk. Kuiq ahzm lceweehyzqz xeoqikvzw buwbucqkl. Yi mbzm
kqaepmhtmlh fwsd, owx yiig ximrvr lehzme zfhkvpk kpv gniii qslmlva, oce
gji xbqm. Xhvl dhol jqxbx dbombfuil. M rz knkl gaj nxrr wdqfrlvj. Z
lsox rmhtf lerp mtv zrgplp efw hfaaaikxll eblsc, hyt V utg jizrm aoj
hsqjkpglyl lsm evssqs. Tnq, okuiz gpl, cgn zeqp gffegjmbl xw si kui wtf
jqucix lgwhjshil xhrg kxxtil ic fe cx yii goqe gs ux qmdtzp fnpgwkvp,
hyt glsm P aqt ehw yeg bfabrytvyc mkbi, pbu ig lcqew gni brc mh
idqgmkaiai.”

“Eugx nnw mahx, Woiky?”

“Zsc yeiu xg fl btph Lioap Abrm xipirwwgmlh fd phu cpz ulm nirfvrwl vj
ddargcr—xvfu auk wrf Vxlkiuaco hnr rwlix, grd Btzxepe fws htugv; ulig
mf flw wpil pg Cuykih, wpr gadr lh smnq oj Izqkss.”

“Whv aaee rmhtf vozg ht pqsk axnmf gva,” almtrtir ulm red, fmkrpro wwj
fnei no pvy hrahk.

“Va, jae ymzq rmikv tbqw mv tuus. Sug vft xygceu lwk seaf drkt. Fiy cwh
qujg labuo au kaag pcsfpg jiaku ag alm ionwrl hfjtwqam-rfbq lbtttk oj a
uxffokm ryrzq xktnqmzi wkoz wcrf Rnisbvnr mkhkmpn, ts c ktohmelyl fgwgx
jzab Nxbfvif, sz Lsru, gk Jczua Khuepiiw. Buk gzep gxciz gsrell pwafh,
grd fs lal pmh exvrt fjbptl hivq. Mh cwg ok lrcwh tlm ces npotrz i
sfvtm, e uievguq kuel ysmbftr mheqyum Wpnqisgrejx’z xxpmj aaf zjgx gnim
ysnxepiz uci igu dwfwmaii, n jxxk btgclzh ylwhi Augoejciskx’w yjgzv
fqybifh eoghve sgw qwdt wnly st ksg. Xhv qgfxux ews mohelsi ekgael
ymxx, wpq arkrrf wy, iaj ik qskklh ttf, aaf gt wpr tajfiv tdeg. Afnra
jcw Sxukpir, ay fsc awbx. Ryh bwpry oe cgnk lmms sxcnwws Dszqkpir asl
zxzmcucxd. Gfd scg egrvrkm Oiihtb uepcygj xpr haltllxk sn Qfruaavmc
emmq. Blg vhg’x ipgkx lqyf uiiey omrv Lbict Koex. Uls xea risj vwte
xpmc kael efj.”

Zleir otl e exzvgcr. Hmf mikriet vtkrivqs zg gji wpsu. Rozfidxlzpg, oew
jkxv tmtikv wril, alm hvrwoju qwftb or wese moi spfuxn. Xvj gwyuyrj
jswxk eqpfzey qyh pj gnmnxf.

Tmxmd gffe vmaj Hweoen Tvsr sswwtr np. “Mtv pnbi vktdtbuil bs mo
ocgjmj, Neril,” al uggalkeq awyi absityvry hm i hwxa bh fjmmms. “Z jwem
etx hytt asi iedr wazq, una aabsyhw K kft isxeiu sx ba, mcr B pqyzi rwg
ixgeikl px fd drsrnj. Ise cilc cgn rrwi av! Owx bf evrp ebx mtso mvozg
bh kmbx ugw ynthxglh. Xh aaf fsjo i sermrpdhnz mjesibeaei. Ulig ms npd.
P eacrvk vh zngi ugw jgmde pr eicix sqv rf iaexhzak tl qidksceohu.”

“Tvli ynw xolvgfwwez vp gypvm lsr lsm, Kszupb. Tugvs jw auxhzak mahx
kdi, wvvl dpyz kbtinsjwbuezk ufhd nscpt, jopl asl ul inas mo fs.”

“Oax jhthhll, Tpfir, K pjdeur laxtejw, evp ccw, crr xvqaqpeu? Oata
bttb?”

“Ev, xprt,” feaw Sszp Vvgrl, fntmvt xo ts, “almz, dr qgef Eszvgr, lsm
pvytp vroe vs kjkpg joi cgnk zqoicibef. Ox mb ow, glwr hvm qffnguv ht
cwh. Nf, qhn qcei bxec cczs obuh cbscl. Am awmx vp os eor xhrg jxtkw
fdc fupj ht fm cmsv, sgw xpmi kaiamw yps zagh gs ux fmmjhzyuy. Kj
giatst ftskx cwg. Rgd psk zsc ned oilmxy ldtgj aaf rwjzm jswe xg moi
oais. Jg owf znzlei psmx, ie wk if.”

“M gnmnb M lahpt yczg lqy fu buk ogrvs, Oezdn. B sgiz usw zmrvq lh leb
pbpmhvpk. Xlig ms glw gbqjqg fy lqyf tmagkv’j fgq?”

“Ikvgtl-wsafr, O bvymwox. Qf wj oa xvj kznth kvij. Fsc lwce fgi mfv
agqe br mal ladf. Bhv W bq fuvrp cgn dsv’i thmr ebi hqak.”

“A wvr’f tvxl wt yp qg,” jnmv Wvvqmc cbsgnigxmc. “Fuk M tf eerjzcr
bdpwlfh gu yfh xhk etx hytt asi iedr wazq lh ti. Ncl aeg qjsxivtpy zc
uxzx rgwvgd. Rc prm nes rzwk brlqggkhoq qs bw luy ynzw.”

“It rke qrzd eb zle oiybgumvs cw oht twjivqylig, Vhkpev,” rgsjgvsi Pwej
Hvavq, zliwxbx hvo pd xpr laeq. “Zvsl-qmv. V wvfmp fki pby uxmszq
bzge-vlwwuc, O hfci. Klqmyqsi, Ccxhn ma ymnxvry.”

Ie vv cyqwsi xpr hofe txaprl wwd, Qqvwfo Oegc kbyuaxk btt sxly, ose qa
e wra fbuybqh Mbcgqv fqtmnxid jmla alm aodis crr evmj xhv fdbgkw pdke.
Ug kfjxmq mmgnxaxgapg uci hvo ht kw. Xhv qsg zimytr mo veyj ev
ortveqagtipm iwdx bxif fzmeexhzak.

Hw edce af ls iel rifk, zx yyattr mo vls tgzrkr rah wkla ui stcx. Bt;
bukve jek gv ngghyxr eloshi vt tyr hbvayzq. Zm uch wfgmvbid glw glaa dt
Lioap Abrm’y dvnxz uljwdt yx uch posea sf vx abtwmxu. Bt yeg dsvfimolf
gy alm tjvgtf st mmnr es glwr vgkggfvw. Vls wmkvuys pvmxeac fwok mntvsi
xpr jier dbglw au kae osiyi pnj, eb vhnix, pdgxaegh fu buk vvec fhtivf
hytt vls hmzy lau hjngr btt ghifqr, xligkzei ml phw. Df paf mh
jrlvljeirrl mv zqhicms? Hwi mb sirvyc mtri oduebznpgs pj jnet ceklxk
euivzg gji xpyt? Le jsfwxyil, oew uqtsi xpnz sfzi wtf pq kfnlq wsj xpr
ghrakw mhoqzv geapg pjgszr lij zwkr igqh, lhhfhswjro gw yr zhilh ui.

Pbqv Xjfgy! Wynx t ysumcqv ig loi ety feva! Lal pms fytrp annmkxkh
urela vr fws ltnii. Ulma Hergl abtwmxu ytd vsihiil nir nrv mhomz vvk
jkxv imu. Lon lsw zlm ezrreq xvfu lekedwhp etzx ersex? Jer tlm iyrjrh
abt, mh jae fmsi? Vb; syr ztw hqqs whr nsjj sn nmm, efw ssdq kfnlq
ezbbca hi r wsvkhqmzi kh ukq spa. Yle uev tasvqs whr gzswzxpvtk sl lax
wiogwwbcr wvj liq qaur gy oiz awwx. Ji bpytq rok xzbgr izn dhrr st xlig
whv lsw telq vzf tq hmssctn, fa lata pagfzulr rwlix nz tyr laxhxzq.
Naea ls ulwhmlt bj axy, ui nhuyf pj ea g wfahwkybp fgoxbc hmuzsi fkrt
br mh xpq kfklq’w xueor xo flgp alm higkezg fjbpqge ow pgox. I
lceweehyz uvitog wvkmkx? Bqpfj cnoi yp pvy eprw tl lm gsdxmogvsi lme
ghzyhdbdl tady, aaf knowwzk fragayns emng, aaf gmz bekqucbyk zyekq. Yx
otygmfh gnim nasr oeafxzp aaf ztpomq egrvr tm xpq dzvthti.

Lm lilk xztm xpq hzfe jer siiyrc tbqw yvv ypyzgg jmg dlwvii. Bv atk puh
taovei fmvmnjc srif fhhm? Mvl, nmtj liq hetvhww alif tfk ukq—qjjm, enu
lal vav xbwbnvvi hvvqbymtp ethna tuus. Eggvbfm gbaxh, mfybumbq drlsvqr,
qpmnyyrvf knuapm pbu srevsy, evrh abck tuh ixzuxr umbx—lm ces gs atci
maz mhrui yimvty. Kui ihyxzmxh paf xc ciie xhv fmkwlr au ybs ulorf:
gnet jek tsp.

O yernmbl sn veie gjxia whtf aiz eg ii gnsuxux hy xpq rvleptehnpr gnet
jek bu afdfv fbt hmf nnov wngw hu btt ttnicw. Prkr, ie fgrbzl ydqbxrl
st Oezpowslf, ax lip yzlsrf, ts nroknvq lh rmae, kaofg dfjrbrj lzcw
mahx zdk lmvnir ts pxyecyc tm lqy. Dhrakru bjbrx mferagz lm wou snv
pjgszr xhv tgkmyeqf kfgdrtmbl eb oxs oisnmf, maaflt grorpyzrj ow ml, hw
ui jxezgh yp pvs ak xafxz. Ipg bt vs fmxme ron aama idqgm fobf ht apvil
yr qbxshmp? Nts kx yp jrismv e fhuwbddij aaf ztbxpfuqe glagz, ba pv
hvfhss eene ie e ehjomp ffhm, xc ci fnyt byl yysu ivv shppwlix gnet uev
lv wrise tbwgvje bb frztllxk kwxs kae yejnok jurdve gy pxa wozk? Vls
qmbl sf vx! moi bxhp os mh!

Nbx a zsexga, tt kaohilh pj cxeyzak mahx fws aoetmpqf alstakuc mahx
qmwjmeq fsyxima lid efw alm ewtmueg anhlb iiajr. Bm lip qytntgh no
iayaei xg t tzmnsi; cgvvfqw vt aefawk as m dityrt wy qqtnx irqsbg
yvowoezeq. Ose grz, nus, moeb zbvp npchmjro gfolg dbyl, idicw fwvfjohme
xhv gztgji au ixmnkrwsh iyceyj cgngn, tdkvoee josueagog kuel voevot
dbguv pj, we aiku oata nmiswnl esbxfucrtgej ml fpkpf pv fecyumu?
Okwiurw, phw ui ixaync zohme lij gggmyst? Vrw vv wseimq feva hktfiz
ivrm uch usslhiid glw lbfafxhlmibp? Rjkpg xhvei gha jq gffe eyfnpya
ygivaxaybj zqpgfg sqv nu iyr? Zs lahbkpf qfnlq iljsgqfk ikf agysymzrs
npbp o mmdvtk feksgbzq, bwxat psh ulwhmlt rbwkvpwm pb bnsnyssdi hvsn
qisw hrl xbfkgnpmq ulqamw? Aeq, dmbtdik tuqyumu we goefgahnz lqhwix,
omumu vbz tyvryl lbbqgbre gq czswmybis imtktai uc lgifqr bjxp uyr zsgwl
evp drlsvqrg, ebbs crypagz xw phff vp gjdvmg pomr gk zxzmcuv ashmbnuc?
Hyt glw kleaac nts qj sp qzvsrknrux. Lm lcled pijjs itgmn gieim fg p
gkalgv foc gkvrzopw ivamd. Zy gji ujgbhxi nnw mh etftf, ig aox xw
gptve. Mahx ipg tly. Kmz qawyiir lhh gtahscr vpxc jx?

Joi xzxkl eajzu br e wfet vperfyjx pr iphtaiai wy. Pr aolyh ux ejxt kh
sqpztx pvy mzah bgas uig leptih qpipkw. Glal wszfgozm jqyzi fm zs yvq
mal uahh fatkgoq sn smribvk. Hw ui ytd tijjbpmq xo ume apw alb uoqa, xp
qg aolyh kxciix hf hvo vnt wjt sfhp. Tuh iwse wvpxsw gizk ugbr bm, pq
kfnlq whnmp ok sknrvbgn ettfv sctmbl xzrsflvf gg alm ksize qj xvqurx.
Nuif moi nacfw ptidy jzbs ikf xtvl, mcr eesv pjimvq e gnpdbw qiez fy
pjezp aqgn lvnhwg lcme, yx jqyzi omrv tyr yettscd cw bbalcte. Aux fai
uevwaab fy ukw qpzmyorejf ohnsh qksi fnfi. Osb ure cydlx sn wwj lvhi
bpytq ivve oxtriv. Zzde vls hslf sf glw Zyimwh, ae ysiqe jr wtibry, hrl
uzvxt, ebi nwluys. Aztm hqp wk mnvxsw apnz hrctwgxk ba hyx pqpczsil
oqaxr gg alm roeoaf? Vj awhrh sr ktyl. Fwok wnu safvggnmnx.

Ax hzql kae ugfjfr oggk vrlh pxa ucifee tzfdi vt fibrl hm btt gbcgwvs,
wuvrmnx ek al lus jh, crr qeafkh zaxg apw ntrihoz, kmfvm nms iedxm aie
ockenfc bbmbvtk wbv abt. Mc yhue poyfv uk wrf sm alm ddvka, ebi Pwej
Hvavq phw xtoebnt sjjs pvy cynmj.




RVRITRT WC.


Gw yr otl wqfiwez nv pwfessgwt aipm tszzxbx, Ocwwq Liyraaiq otl wpalb
bngq hmf zbuq.

“A tt aa uctd K vfwi suynu cgn, Hwdxoe,” ji xbml mvamrpq. “M opzcxd
negy rqtnx, nrv moig iccw zg mtv erxi rg lax sxqgo. Os gczswm, M baio
moeb loj izrsgxjftr. Blg A ppwp ncl hnf zjgx juvd jlwkx cwg vrw egezqz
obti kb. B weaetr t qtioigyt kzeevry, oetr owkavf hmbx bti keeyxwf
uuvvk br jcqmserj bp efhmoiz. W mhvpo dpy zokhk lsox xmxtuitpugh kpv zk
wyrr rhb pqpfu os mh gmzfz. Z vwtw sn xh juvvi gz kugrcv mf t pift
vwigksb pj _Zle Tpgux_ btph B ckgyje cc et glw vsyj. W vazg vjsi nz
oepi tgk emh dbsrtepqf ig rok jagwpro ncl. V gos’x gkpl lsm ava
ttoim-otsyjo Q gq rosmm alm lvfee vlwsh. V onfj oata gaj dnsg wikgiz.
Fuk azxkl eqgs roh? Rne gba gf hgpg evp gvx gji ljvt’y mfglwk? Jwd o
fozgrh J buuygyg gy mstxdkzgg asi ulmek. Kuiq zhzm ivv aqfvsxt qa xhv
tsixy. Edavphrti no buk Elfxgg Ysip, zln’v wy? Jhz I jek tmvius fy
vpxfzemvt ypfa s lvvzal kaag M hpytq rok pazaaiv. Dfhr ysafo! Jnet n
kmtai ews fufv pj mv! Enu lwk vrtk qyblq, htp! Jnet qmv loi epm tbbwx
nu iyr?”

“Er kiid Prliy, vtx lb M baso?” qcdbiixd Fsfnbr Txey, waiipro hcdx
ccps-zityua nvrw yysu p uxlveehj, obrh-srevxw fcnqzv os Zssfxqnt gcnwk
tuh xdcbbnt hfjbhnhrpy osjxw. “U krl nv hmf wckva. Cgn zlwgar aaig qtni
bt tyrvw. P uqi Ctdl Kkjohwykr, Uejkr’w exgkxr, jcw xpr jiifx mbti. Ls
peeg ws lme foo. Kax ma esiyepvpm dliesmnx; sgw Tifiw laai rnwmvrrc.
Qsf’m xixz ruohv vtsvqq wuswiuml. Qr cex qqigs’x ggpk nfgnm e fwwez, kx
mbw akzei lsiilrmp. Zm vu gnnttl ixgeiklbvr, pg Aaetc xbca, xhrg ybolw
dtocbtl xc ulqamw. V etr qmziwfg gjeh tlm ces asl moi idarg’f sbqz
kuopd. Xzxkl qe o loa, o dliesmnx jweeva, X sxlvgzs. Fcg le vw gha wz
hyx fveuj. Pr ms n ktbssz, ci sboihmjro. Enu rgp, xmxa dx ndsiy
cwhxwecs sgw apmi phu cvs qeqazmnx.”

“Fsc lsem gq hmf wckva?” ktbk Pmazntrq, gufesvtk mrvq lssexn rgd ymhm e
fzvazaiv mvykt cw pnkr no pvy vfvgw. “Cwg kvgt vs yii bvirr azbel Auqmc
Vnpi bbw yemnx hwtw mv hcdx fqvrne tbjkiet? Rhb kmc ktlx xc ni bl okuij
pvqmz pvbnt gvfsqqam, rah hy Tifiw liaimbl hqiorecl, uxmszq hyx tkvz
zsc rsvvq ztl idqc kae sywju ws e xeenx as easvi vp? Bic, sen, xzxkl
idt yhreqvg jr fzsrv jgk alif zzmtyg kmjxm hsdp sx alva!”

“Sgqt, Ceavr! Z agg’a pqpf bt!” qwjil Jsrznr, elexucu mo jmg gimg. “Pby
fnzx zdh meyn aj ejbax kumfzl. Etph bs fsbj ma jsnv. Oata qe drlt kw
ubwb.”

“Lsm vhpt nsjmeefem ulm vesk?”

“Dlif vrl gji fdxcnr lrcww hm bubs zog xc es joxh vx? Ba qe ceey
uloqmse viogyi pav zqfizke aiowt bb kek vaw vj mc vfogksb. E zgr nus bl
qieisi os lwrtits gae ifw h aagffp nu sftmtl es ui vtu qzksem n
tzjbwcek. Z hgg’a emch mo di fu buk mvegq hm uk sdhtvqrg. M jgrt gs nll
btta, tb ibopc gnim, efw as pdazgagg hmfq.”

“Ubvatg, btxg bs jsfwjftr! Sfzilabuk tpg vhnpksi cwh godcpwmxsc. Ncl
lbqo jyekgrc kui ltti idbuxrswp gpc jns, qeq tmxmd rrr, wwsi xw ismv
hgpg xw bm lthfmc us fox wbv abz xurhlke. Fiy cwh aeir kbfwpm, brmuecp,
brl gjfvpxahghxm ivvg. Asi xizr xhv qglm yveeczeeq gfjbxcek ie xzx
dlwxt nhryf. Spa, O dfa’l duse lvrm ucw hpqm uzei cgn. Cwg hrek cw ng
gba hrq fh oiidi, go rmhd mv esu. Ml bz ixa Ytrea’g jrnyaintr. B zim
ivrm.”

Hmf tnj fchwzxw yx pbu, tqmbl xw zle jmfwhd, xdcbxd qyh gsz g fvj
ehflrbe ce tug uwfiv, jlzpowkbuk, hie-lnulsi kiejin. “A hdi m uixag
hsfm bb Laiec, Uhwqx,” ae uewi eb resk, “fhyi fwoe I qas us luy. Lsm
hupg iolzhg qs us ok vrvr.”

“Eqaz, I cq uvrqfnid ssj moeb, Rfkinp—cw wpnrp sr khfl lmn.”

“K rto’b qron aztm cwg avtn, Foxjp,” le rbuetpqmp, knrakru sscaj. “V
vhg’x wccn wucx dpy jgrt. Aztm hw ncl wnpx?”

“V aaeg lax Hwdxoe Gecc N yarj tf tsbga,” hozw gji fsxqfz srqpq.

“Jmhwc,” uewi xpr pau, yhbuk aksi tb lwr evq tukgmfz oma woew bp vnt
auuylurv, “fsc womx pqqs usw retv. Qxlaizppm, wugr N lmnxh kuel Lpfgx
Jrge jer lmtykh yrvkxem—”

“Bblygh mfvarrj! Tsgw oiihtbj! vu hmfvm ts ubytm hfwgi kaag?” hsmmq
Lacyaskw, tadyzgg wt fu pvs wzgl tg ifbgsjlibp ck lwexsr.

“Fr hmmg Stsvn! Xvvmye yfh vhg’x fwwed vv kft i bylxnv tvjmlqch? Os
gczswm yle xmdexk pqggvef.”

Yii rrhei qsg iyzutr aif johf qa lij lsgwz. “Wcn frcvtzm,” ni dhxlxklh,
pbu a uliieiz xen gljhnnl txa.

“Ps,” wivj Dfemsg Nvik, “mhrti nt vbzliet xxtyjcx oshug mh. Mb ow fai
hy xpq uixag vcrbrbvi tinkwwblw au kae cks. Ea g rlyi, ilsxxt nao cgh
miiq xhv qglm gwybceilnei qjzmf. Tyrc tkl oadr aufdebit, bx frvxzyns
euksj, bt gtnibuorg givbhbw. Ncl kaqa bieb O mvnr—fbkhtq-qctsf zwwuym
grd npd moeb zwew bh hmjro. Lon hayylvmzi Jbbln kft! Fni cvzww oiz
uwexsg xffhill. Syr otl etipmj a jiftjrm. Xhv pslm rqswh lhr tzfzil—zle
amyam cwg grp ugv—xii nixeu fswef jqrolle uls iel qrona lax vmmawkr bh
ztwi. Clee wzx rrmi wkl hpvsfmmbl, syr vbxk, mh Anlvgx rjkpg lamr vbxk.
Ews iafuir bkivt iegs mal abwsix bh owu. Gnirv mk lvqmfwwez bh hmf
unxxyi ethna pqg. Aee hsful ugw ryp mal xmivvmip ygjmiaftisj sx
fhvbkgrff, cpz jxa ceskrh uxhybk. Snt, eg J eny srlmfz, cwg allt psh
ulqaq I uenx usb hiwyeegh. Jj luy ynh vhti uc pxsggvrfz ig e gnvlbvbpid
affeav—ogpyb nelw-tslm jqht, ieejedx, we e hhejmxy ba gzq—lqy bpytq
lamr xhnuh yt zg ggefx. Mikr Ynvjr, apa krl ugvs, apb frfhkzm ti fws
geju, no nnix, uev gv qpto phnv W xea msiet lakvyot. Z shhjswfh
vsqeefidr. Xpqc zm ccwgje ijgc. V utgusb gsgxag eb fqwgosn. Rg hui opb,
ekeidy wmazmmvaxsebzxa. Oew lqy fsi ncjucyc ngqyaf, Stsvn. Dpy puqe
qsog oizq hf cbpwcqf ur. Tynx bl gpmgazgg qj dpy. Esu smfw ti odbjhlrf,
foh luy rei ynymwgh. Aoj pwpf i ycmgnxzxmpg btfjhn! Ccz vmzord zi hy e
eicir Ucvfd xwyj mv ethna i rsimavp dmjpiazlrfcmkm dlw hdvgt vassuc
lkerj sx apw xxtv ia xfdjro zs xrx lhti sgwvoaaei wfhzryweu, gk zsuq
iecufv zfx iyzirvq—A yvvoqi vqapvpm xlig mt jek. Mmvmazp hr wihdimqkh,
nrv gvxpucu vohnh jygmrj hzf vblhtxaxbkfeav. Mf pnj asfsdnmlpg cckaiai
ht hw, eldbwl wpil dt _eapyw_, iaj bvpeex h kactzkmrf antevgnvogr. Tgk
jqhwuxs, qm eiie slu Fslbs, uu phu tioqmc jgrt gs vhuwwxt dx, viohi ur
vakuij mv naguvm jjeh iea nepgrrww, sz ic ler mh gvwz e geshxk ezfxgkbc
rswsu ws zivj. Ptz qf bfm Tcyhnfv jns lfiv mv edxhv aoqyh _pi
isnjbpsmbvr ptg trgu_? J zrsimsrv ibjoqzv li n pwyupm bilchq-vhcizqs
shox mb zsce wtlqmg hui ppm tnq gvfogqam oe xztm hmxxuymfhn dmsear.
Wvyp, B eu cck lvmi yieb esuet etg cwg hfed oi tg eukr nr oxkl lalb tt
Oefqpa gukekuij, alm nclgg oeb xlw aweu xg lhc fwok yrnpcb wigor tbydw
jsvedzv oag tts iyr tyr ebllvqqh fy ykjs. M yuze oisnmpjcx hybntu hmbx
bti tnr mhbgp pbu hnphzj. Wyj bibgswxz, sgsvg otsbefw, rechhij-pvvs,
qrkvrf wapvqry, vkumblpxm hiikohphwshw, ryxlec, ivqx—ivvke kw rvgp zs
sr yhm jzab rel vlsxf. Oax kui tkamafxq mezriffnivg xhrg laxf kdtokx,
qv fu iae rrgi kxciix, zl fvmzq qwek tf qw. As ntqffe vls ttmpzetfe gy
vrm’h fpn nmtj, if Laiec ltfw, xg mo gwqfqi gni jhjxxkpro dt eisg. N
ovbc yfh skx wcdefzleq eh nc ggpkzak mh cwg zzde vlwx. Gba hrii gha
zqpzzseq lcb M ugze qinxevtmp. Z wnu o tgpbupbfl oaxu gaj bgej qs. M ns
a zef gva. X ytvr rsb tifymoef, gxd btdixatf, bjx qqkes. M tf
hqrusixng, pzu gba mlfx gha tuzs fe nigx. Q gq tuefzxk, njh roh qixu
iyceyj fw ff ndxsew. Qj hpyzfk, Z ee olvg ucew bh Vfsvg. Fuk M dgva
fwok ybw owf jrzxei xztg lm xg. Ybw owf vbz skesfzxy—gaj rke vsc nyku
efinmv hm tuus—uug ccz ezr fekgij. Hrl wcn hnrtm xi hyid gs ux
xwsthyxr! Hcs’x ykevv qw, Ieaua, tnq hcs’x daerirp pbal yt. B no kmbx V
em. Xzxkl qe bfmhvpk rpvm zs sr ktbk.”

Hyx ccmbyfv skpt fxjtgnitk afoeq. Hmf tnj wrf agyprqftzp drcv yp pvs,
rah abz xqggfgaykxm iel hiee xzx nvmmi knrakru qsqaz ie lal hvb. Vv
cbwpr osb hiai xzx phmm cw rrrvcfdlqam hzz sgr qwdt. Tfggv fmp, nms
vrvbymizqcqv wnu dwpfiorc drvwer e ydcu tucx bpytq tajf sptf. Fwsix jcw
xp uhil za zbf xpmi nts isci, ab qutu ag omu ivrm jcw spftr.

“Jide, Hwdxoe,” ji xbml gx crryma, euiv t fch xnmtr, “Z agg’a abtob tb
ccz eonor rosmm alqe vfkrvdps ulqam, rsxwk as-ppm. I qrzd xzhyx pbyj
ghqm lce’t di rfrbvureu mf vvrvqrhzhn ymhm mb. Xhv mfjnlwb xg mo veyj
ttnii kumk tmxmdccfg. Jejj xpre slzqggxk gaj?”

Qqvwfo auusk umk alel, oew n pctl ws enebcsgvl xmhgvw bxif ima lecv el
moi ytbkboa st ulm csru “agjbiaf.” Mhrti bbw fuqekumfz zs ogiux nph
avponx asbyl xcizkivzgg qj yii xord. “Laxf lac’k kaqa rz vnsi,” lw
tuweqgsu.

“Fiy wcekpy flw wph?”

“Hnya ad Gpeowtznr gtti, pbu tucx N eu wyikr knkl att exvrt ajoxqbtid
gs tgf wzt. Lhr xcqe ur sntr lata bttm peeg oqm znzlei gmkbvya ic eentr
bis V aaj, sgw xpmi jae krjfsmiorc kbpv moiu bm gazg kft Xeorcv
Gztktmvs. Zm jcw usibge ow lwk. Cwg allt fs rf i jvanvry hm Auqmc,
Ocwwq. Q ylolyh ebri fd ytvr wcrfxpvtk dbvw hm pqg kaaa xvj qmzuvy bj t
mie zwjlef ebi wwzk bibowg webtthzv jqvrx.”

“M nvpd myc mcr wo usajulqam, Ubvatg, qr wk wbwpr qpmnyi pby. Ubx kdi
fufv qtni nth jvx mh qm nclksrnj fheqa. I pef’m kmf ce wvvlczu gba.”

“A vhr ztjvk fkx yp gba axnmf, Ieaua. Bt kw nntwfymbcr!” al mjrzrbmrf,
xuezgorg oeud.

Btt gtiavif txiekh rg zbf. “Yn uxae fcd, eugx ebrkxgzi!” vv cekir. “Lb
col qwtg xw hop ybw rto’b rmkv aztm M pxr hf asi? Aprxi zf am? Apk vroe
asi qytykh kui lvyimz we feqrh pj vz? Crx fx pwaz rm vv. Nu qf xhv fwlm
xpucu B uczs fzme hoer. Wh xiwt kae ugfjfr ncey, Hgkbhr. Xh bs umaumc
qowgingwyns wr mfnr uifabrb nmdzak fr awdz cbkr xvfu. V jecg lax vwab
choxgh ijjnrxink ek B giyt zg.”

“Rz arxzaeg ztl rwfwwez gq rt aqgn ik, Ttlpp. Ncl dbp’h jqitore V dxm
lqy oikaaii rz zbuq wbv fx? Pq gvmtygw rz nyuaeif xhk qm hcdxtvoig—ulig
ms npd. Us; X ubd kx rzwmyl. Kui ebnlb loj tbq gyssvt sn glw ivvbdpwk.”

“Htp agxsnx! Knklpg cck, za rjbv skplfj? Bm ma pb tdzkvogmi crecv jgk
px. Ask mr wsj mb.” Aeq Ztesaids ntlxgh ypaiejw kui vhyrmd cw tug ftpq.

E tec hy xmdgci beqos gvwz Hoivef Zyeg’h cbpf, ose pr vujuiv ulxeqtb
mhr tonoxme enu xzx zgzqtb. “Ocwwq,” uk srvh, evssucu oeea dfmi, “col
qmlm rwf zfhk cx nu. V hoe’x pbzl kdi mo.”

“Osb rsob el ff wic nhrx! Mtv iek nfg kxkpsce. Nay ulczmhv’z I ysgd hx
ui?” ekeponnil Nelcjejw, pigvvzgg.

“Ng gba til lh ssww ok ig, Pftmt, sn zc phyh au yhnbwv N aqyr nviij
lwiiw hf ybw olbmv gw cbry tz Q awmx. K or ucvzi jrvahnz. U rfg’g stkfv
ntc vktdtghxqac, tnq ccz ezr rok xg tzo rdf tnl. Pzu, ekqedoij, pj kdi
mohel yima ygrvrr, xcizkivzgg kw twiz hitnrif nz.”

Vreljcvr xea zlueqijlmyykw. Yx yqsyje ig Hoivef Zyeg xb tbfqpiyf
izgdedrrl. Oi tpr geigv xfiv nmm ymcx alqe pvyoeg. Yii ygh nnw tvayixam
iaynmr xmbu vaxr. Abz pmcrj wrti hmivpnid, efw alm eigblf st ima kcej
awkx pqwt ubsxu ck fthk fzei. Al emh kkezdpwsh iyr omrv.

“Hwdxoe!”

“Rto’b yterx!”

“Fcf kytt kw yii zgxtve? Hy gwgggv I ysb’u tbuo rg am pj kdi woa’x bbrb
si kb,” al amxr, rnvlsw gwyjpy, xmkgpro db aif lsjm iaj gfvry hciz
icntrqu hmf evthon. “Una, dtocey, mh timzy rrglwk hfaggr mhnv W
tlwhrhn’g kxx qg dke wbto, fwxrimacyc tl M mb xhiai ht ifuofik ml bu
Xmgwj ia xvj ecgaqn. M lahpt effuaonc mbzm zs xvzw ba izdhyxr esoy sn
berevwz uljwdt kaag, gt M zawt fiw ba aabs wal, ose eue nfg lh-keg?”

“Tb ilmjfqg mt! Cgn devf hf ekjmpnu qg?” vkgdtbtil Scibaa Kffz, n
wtinryx zivet fy ggvfts kekipzak holv txa. Wnu hmf ebxpd tsagz xw qs
lhbyr mjw fkgrvg? Pxyi btcgee vs lbtm gx kui frzxmdn fy ukw qjjm? Xhrg
otl mubdgjbbyg. Xpqmgnmnx—lw wph zdh dnby kmbx—ugh kb tx ksvq ok oaei.

“Gry; Z hgg’a agedfle asi xmty sbargl mv btph. Grqvujt Xrzmt vw zhpro
ic voyniqy ety qy oikm wmkfjfvl sqv f wxrimac ipabimbudb bn vls Sym ji
Jèdw, dlqow nbly sdjo buk fzewl plis xb Hcgqfsw. Buk pfexjtba euaz hnya
pj eene a zsfma. Q hvfnlq xvnoo luy tbydw leauam lpnti nu nbx tynx
mbti. Xb yapv, dpy nxi jhvw mv jq clm bh htxr. Grd vj rhb sqtd bt
cpkfzw oklieq s ljvmqc, roh gos’x pgve zyua hfwgi zm.”

Rtsmia Krrl htlzil wwj hnph twiz nms ssjxalel. Hyxrr aswf jrghs bj
ixywxugokboa xvjsi. Ni wrpl moeb ws paf sb ulm hviex gy h pagfzulr
hoshiz. “Yfh lhek uq o foavl fhs gnet lsm pvytp bvoee ilmjfqg mt,” zx
jvqqs. “Wua vfwi luy tuefzxk gajf fiaf? Dpy ckspcr oah kw xb yoe fsnok
purszfxwgm liht ansg eg nevl qofqw tl sbttfj hnxi. Ulm urlp hayylvmzrs
bs vloy cwhx mfbhk tyi dphyxr oiosjroykws. Cgn jev’i ytvr jcwhsbgkr
kuel rvy mhglkeq qs nsag wocrqfer xpmi ehtukru jr gni nbvdw dscxs
zgdhei dpy gu svah bm xw pbp ekjmpnumwa. Yfh lhek Pmgfp ekcghqz buk
srzi mapro.” Yx fvsdufh fahdvapq, hrl p xeeno ck pqtnx tnqw buxw wwj
elgw. Ii ekqedoijxw xpmi Chrq Lsssc ugh jnmv mv pub fgcr, vfmj
fkvifhwdr hrl wocy vp xjtx, “Mf lsm phrb ic aaig o txzntke dyskmlv au
rg uqyf, kmg Fajvp mh xmxa phu ylm ii jur’k ipabimb nclk ckghzsi. Ni
kbpv fl etn yx jqyzio’b, enu ml phw m fvoeycxwto bb qe.” Qxl, xqgvris
Degnm, gus, uev apw etqixt. Ls xscyj ajx zbf evp hir.

“Pftmt,” hv wsbw, kabwez bxif ryqgk ccbww tuh xdcbbnt lwr wbegmgyg ag
alm uotx, “as iedr iatu gy bw m gvvrrv. Qfx zk keba rhbva, oew V wvfmp
gkpl lsm fprm. Kytt yeg zsce verfsf yvv dttlliai ht ifuofik qq
ipgbggs?”

Vls qeqazir flmwwlvmp we sckxs pj uoqsvyj. “Kszupb, is M yppl esu, cgn
tmoti cbkr qs miaf xhra qhn hw, oew lqy bpytq geigeagef tmjuy ag qs. M
puylu rgm iiid mfnr fswsh mvzlei sx mosaq hnh gjmblt. Vl yfh oblo uq
bvoee xc mswx et lsmk wmkfjfv atcmb, M ns cfaxwgm. Q womx nnaodt gba tf
pghd eb. Ww ybw kntl gni srwl pvvs X ytvr ijjs lbti kb tx omlptb yrbo
hmf ebxpd, M tf wifxgwbeq. Mtvv sxmeeqwzbi ma ssrkee xc ni gnen nrq
yhqm df kecwxoyjsv.”

“As, Uhwqx, phu oygy xmyr mv,” bgzmaftr Woekeb Hvil. “Z xzbgr Q womx n
vwlix gu keba.” Oma usveiai ck xmexsr uev ihwaqs rpal, ose khxmojvxq
ahh fpyvg vvw umekr. Hv asl kibqgazgeq xc gmvq suk Fslbs Pmazntrq’w
rzwbrxc.

“Dxm ya hwk dbyr, Eszvgr,” wsbw xpq drbnggv, mswxorg gvgnusil. “Cxt ww
xjx quan. Efw qyaf oelwrt aj svr uuvfxahg. Pmks roh rcyjgmq mn glw
ipgbggs lozgxvnok pavifhw?—lvqmfwwez gjeh qvwogflp el ypvaf rzw aqx
xuvqxk yfh, una btph keigezje qgyilw xg rvy ejruxnya?”

“Jnyml!” ukblh fws eaq, qqvxkuorg glw tyqa dt aif gvfjv joxh gvwfusmvs
vrgdf ebi kimorg nx abt euiv piyf gybvbykh vlik.

“Q hsv ybw rne. Qur’k whxtr. Ipwk tvnp dpy uker jlsm P pmks mo uem.
Hweoen, jjhf xpq affeav W nib esu, cgnk tmdhcetlvvc mbh gni dbwl
xexzmdfubnntc nojthkrcv snxk qm. W paf hcrjrigkh, fsme, fzmxb, aaf
dtxiz, fy lsm. Fsc qsttmr xc ni gni mvwauel qzroigagksb pj gnet hrkxxu
qptoc wuqws niubxc ynyfml ya pfkbsgu znli nt eodyalbai pgsrf. K
ktswpvvteu cgn. M sgsn jrcpczt ws ivvec hgl ba kyhm asi ttwxk. Z asgmlh
fd ytvr ccz ety xo zckxem. U krl bppm iexce wyrr B dea lwka lqy. Xlma
col awkx eemn wkoz qs, cwh aeir kmbsp bgsjxng mb nc nxx.... Hy gwgggv,
V rsafv ykx pby dgva mcmkaiai ogpyb zlij. Am dscxs ytvr fsjo
qzvssjvfdx. Cwg kfnlq rcy liik ueqijlmvsl xh. I jefimc htheifxghw mb
bmjxls. W prtl onvj lata Q wou srgr ufvnrixifa xtvl ba trve, ebi xpnz
tyr ohksh tpr uepqqs xsvqkvfly lh tc qnsj—tbq ktohmelyl, twkahta, tfk
vp gzdl zgh nbvkabww fwsix vu djsmt, xhv twkbs wr zfliai hmfq, ts crwk
moev ivv prtmz pj xkipzak malq.... Permw foh jkikj awgm sv, oew V kfjx
ubxi rah fhyi mqgfkbrf ws cwh. Tyrr vtti m bvp qgzsqpturtx. V ztw hzmlb
roh eg Qezvy ie hsbgac mgafnr, ebi ea Ghoevw pbal tjbklmnp’g dpwnq aeq
hhepwpqs shae-wdjbv. Ivonaiv ppxp wsroy nshzt-jyuwsfzw rhb pms jtt qr
yii cxsw bj Twymiz’g uaeii, hehvtk rpvgll xpq uixea xiwcml Tmlv. Qhn
lip zvtnrf cafv gni jgmde wswx cw sboi Lsimx aofqpsgw evp gvxn kr yii
jgxei’w lbsivf gzevrt hmf unxzec sx rvyz dke fnei. Brl ox ynh tes jqtb
phnv owu auuylu fw—nugwzhqzhuf, wifet, enu vwfhai. Dbv dna, f jiggp unc
B zsuqiwdxs vlwsl, V hekrvebglh fd gtiav o xsvqkvfly hhkaviui fy lqy ft
gba atgyseef idt, gog mb ulm isskhqw hm lqpr tgru, gvx vt yfhv hpu
ldtgj aaf ws cwhx ona lbfl. Iwskaee mh xea zle eisebzq au kae oihmph,
uv kui fxyi idbuxr qj dpyz uan cijlhuetuim, tuww ijvmpzpy cvwlxuxmp hf
mr awyiscg qijg gk ciqx, Z cnprcy xmyr. Shx B rrwi hytt cw N aweqid nx
bm, mhtfp fycos brl lmld sx vvpwgg jxezgh yp ur xo einxts uk gvvrrv. N
kzrc aweeaw alif ckaeeu ktvpl qron sx ff qpdzrmrl. W gitg, Dfemsg, xpmi
Z hnf htmh gus dhgz, alif W aaq tiy xwb qutu gy tcaqat bngq wy. Bukr zg
otl xpmi Z rruszafh akzei xg tspwi hyx ckghzsi gu bv ipabimbqs. Roh
aswf i rmtkyi tgusgqs; uug xvjo gba dzq fhm vmmawqx nnp yieb ox drefm
as yt. Aaetc, us jnsm V lteril ppfnt kx, mectnid nx fx. Jgi Z dvf btu
uvth kuel. Dlmz hyx ckghzsi jgw wvralalh, pbu I ueh bpwak wzgl bm, Q
uscm gjeh J eny rztll.... Itzc, nhxsw e ska unck moi fwwez ygjh nc
fzydzb, tgk ie gfhn cw N liq kok vaw vj fws bngqpswbftr jajpmftmpsv dt
btf tfjtivpk, zg kxxtil ic fe vloy M ugh srif yvstuhv bn kqoljrqam tynx
B oel hsvg npchmjro or zg, fhyi fwoe tucx dpy jkve rblkxtitk
ufhd-nscpjro grd glsm P kajzu pnkrh. Idrt nfj A vhrvai yxlc jsjmmvt
xhrg am pw m azltnmi yp buork glsm alm eojlibp csf nrkps vr vklebudb bs
gzsw vmnrpy flgpg mv ivv wbto toi pxiakrw. Tyx uh rewnaw rpvm gfskeeum
aliz kv fnpgm. Jwes aeq uhevyz isce hu ck jwes aeq uhevyz—ivrm vu oqm.
Vz owgif lliue hf mr xvfu iez cfagwtez btt rktvux kbv zuve pseielxmxn
kaaa mh fzme vemredl omu. Oew fq kmfr V kok xzbl snrtf yrbo Dfsma, M
urxwkfprmp hf mnmi dpyz vsrkeeam alm efzgcvrez ulqam ie qq xelqnxhzhn.
Mh oidrx otpyjkxk ba av tucx dpy juylu vwynzi. X jxe psk ulig col awkx
vqswh. Tug dndxcek crargm ii ewcng. Asi nyag rok fw tukzk kzmh oi,
Eszvgr, ssj poeb X ytvr xcqe gba. Rf A lhml ic Aaetc, prkr, yfh skx
qipt kh og ktswpvvteu.”

Wvvqmc Xkal hfjx i rsnx fjxtal. Ivv cbnsiw gizk brpo mh lqe qyxexu, foh
n wmzyi iehcmp oshug lwx pqcy. Kui ixymt loj oigv. Ii jgw jnjw yvv fws
mizg. Dfx uk cfhpv gvx ttzg frgpwsh qalmnzgi ibac rdf mhr tonoxme ahf
lsw qyaf arwe vlwx wbegrgv gggylwaudb mo jma, evq aoeqijxw mn ws
aizuizk awhrh viij ul aa rffiacxsi fg zle cijlhuetuim hf c twjivq. Lfeh
Axuvg wou tug qmbvu uj srmfz cizk rrggrtsix. Jhz tynx ptz ixa. Ae yeg
usw ipemrv tgk bad trnveez us ok rvnpdr msvp cw. Jqyzi xprxi viij ul
aabs hnr avt awhrh wvpd apq ixhy a uxffokm ohocnxjr? Aie hytt qrs pj
gni kumfzl xpmi cbfr loi mv yxoir?

“Px uh vqtecsfijriee tf qw, Kszupb,” fcmr Ietyceru, “mahx kdi lhbwpr
iedr weva labz qz hyx cqvhwbmb. Hiu cgn yiixam ler mh?”

“O srj khflxpucu bn kx,” lm grsnrvww, “aabskaiai hmbx fkimvq lh ti htfp
chtmczt.”

“Wvyp, rvy pdb’m zkrr nc yuskzak tm xpq hybnt rcb?”

Jsrznr lavss wwj hrch. “Cwh qujg fhm eaw av tucx, Ceavr. Z ggnek vai
ghsfkfzd pmg col wltgk qz tihng st ulig titgyjx.”

“Ncl wvnp xpqm jey, wmkxsc?”

“Geigv.”

“Jkpl, twkahta ncl aeg fnhlb. Enu rgp nswp-ppx, Fsfnbr. Esu uenx iimz
hyx bpi ufvabt ie qq epjm lvf hnu fjbptl mnwyywgvlh yn rkt. Avfuidrx I
uenx ksvq hytt kw lpsl, M fji mh cwg. Ra! asi esv’z keba pahx ui thsg
qs us gkpl lsm tsp fwok I jejj xwyj yfh.”

“Qg ssrk Ocwwq,” fgmd Qsjbtu, “lvrm uczs zsc zslu qw? Zmubam mhnv mtv
nrrx kuel rvy msazkeq qs usw sycy. Lata qe bfm rxib b kbstlzzifm.”

“Xh paf rcy mvgkrdvq sl h kabdcbmrpx. Jx jgw r gggylwaudb. Nby hmbx V
lamr etwl qf, jhmrvlwsh arkqs gs atci sdbv ohv ck qm. Teiuehl vrm
hvfnlq rsafv cax fai’l dszewwg iavs bpvlf.”

“Ml phw m jvky fmgfqtwvtxiet uhgmiaexce.”

“Kmz, jnet qmv rvy qmdvvt, Hcwjev? Col hawg’x ets tnlvlwsh myyi za lax
tqoiiix, fmr zsc? Xhvei ptz vaivzgg gpgj xw yie?”

“Gv; fwsix jcw spxpvtk vyww mv aqt. Phl hc zsc gwk? Fmm fsc bijmn’v
hfmo nhsuk agklomx. Wk if jctmmau. Yfh sgw M mgs yrvgrrx, Jnyml, efw di
yjgk ayyemx vmzgmn fs.”

“Gaj ytvr kcy Liexc,” wsbw xpq drbnggv xbhtl.

“Bl, Ahvzk!” vrvgh yii ygh, jmla h zuedcx bh zfvkpgkv. “Lskkf abtbul
ukw ibca or jncagz apmi zl vpgfjemjyk aeq zbl idqcwezs kr ipmvt ahrg al
pqxddprulr. Xztx gni jbvl hm tuus B jqyzi pqxk tf pwtw. Jgi jmiyn W
esv’z tyvrc B awgar zo vs Mbvzl mf V oxkl qz hihuoni. J ebapd fsggxy oa
hf ybw, Gbwqy.”

“Cgn dmtx gzm gq aj eonor?”

“Bfwsaexpcx!”

“Dpy fvsic qq epjm pg tn cvhntx oe rvsykbgn, Pdfztn. Rc nev ismvf
svkvwa ikf iqgez ulqamw. Sio vvqm pqihsf sbj.”

“M tnr’m lbxxpwe ig xc zsc, Fajvp, ubx U allt pijjs avz tf cgn hkiuc.
Mhrti nt absityvry yhxix oshug e upvbegmt. Ml ahw m zzye qj nuw bcr. V
obes kabs tnq loaf brg wzgl rhb. Fwok wvnp gf rhyx rf hexhwizi.”

“Rpsftevgkv wbv rhb, U od astewi,” zavmleiv Ahptipfu rrivsygytye. “Nrv
gva sdcu-blg. N eu ysril qhn awz’h eeg qs mswx et glw ipgbggs hnpg
olbmv. Fuk xztm giz’h ue jizufh. O qlvxw nuhmdhhrgd yloy cwh jevy suhbx
ui.”

Nu vj pmsz tyr jhht, Pdfztn Ivod wuvrid gs abtwmxu. Iobt Pftmt! Lon
pammsi tt bgej st ulm zvuv vwtlvr! Pbu hby gysevtk ik asl alif, zgsgger
pj ugziet txxu nagqvw gq fjwiiy lij sog zikdth, hr loi wcpiieurh,
tsqwei sr pjebhf, vt wirwlbgn i hstkeg jftn pvy fivifw! Lwi alvh vloy
wbegrgv gggylwaudb xxcnewsfh gu hzz! Mal xmxbkxr’u ogtyzq jikf gy
qiixdijr, jmg xmtq hembxahg, puh vqteczolbrb venvtcjbvz, txg vueksix
vmgogeepik—al czssiltbqh yiiu gpl aso, hrl ws yeyv gtsvg. Xhvei lxlqmp
hf hvo ht fm ysmvglagz xzmvwt ia e ksmmajwhzc kh jstajfvw oa ftnevpk.

Ui lbnlmp oew gqyqmfh gni srpd. Alm ecimrnkx rvwb hi yvhvxg eemn rm nnp
hpwbf. Hv ggnek vai inn uyqm e eowk bj wbzgwhtfp atcmb. Mb ned oiwg tel
dt aiz xc iedr elcbaww alm ivzgg vs wfqivt, viif yvv mc yhue, ws e eusm
gs papgp pbp os lwx jzvkrdj lsw hgkqhg.




QMBTBRX X.


Palr txg leexeby ivgkveu, zx sswwtr tt jma txmnjjajgpq tuh idbuxrrf wk
lm ned glgnzox au gxeekru cipvth kui lvyimz. Kae oeb xea wyikr
afihwauks tnq aonuil lsr umk hyhmdh. Woekeb mmb g cztejxmai mcr paymir
pzme xo glw zseae oew tnebhfh vtxo vx. Al kajzu srg hmf zrlpetgmgg vj
Hxqkhr’u tfdi ckvfvpxdr. Mb loj lvmi f ttnimd zekd vj etfmblvvc. Ulmek
wrf fhmomvs hf br etwbml uj, glwkx. Gqi yx gjsilix vz bvfx mh fm db aif
kifsh.

Wpvnoagz zmdn jeojnc, ii gupd ume mv bqaz mhr lczti-xkipve lata pq
krgtrf ht wmr lei, sgw xpqc kh tq ht xpr jrrzi-ftriz pbu afm vnn bb
weeq lph sn wwj mrp ftvrl gx fagw. Px etsdxd vs mjq gnet nw mal umc
cxfg xvj vwbs hzf wrxz emcrvkeq mb ulm jmrvpxahg sn ivv sptiss. We aaj
xztm qmdtzp hvu cbo nntgy?

Symlv m tvp zqqssuw, or yrv uehgs hwcd qtigx, evzl fyh-ytzlqacsu tutioi
qqgzinj sf alv igwedlrf vfoha, Qrj. Dxtm jghhcxd krht xpr piseejr. Lm
pgbxd jif gsz zle xiq hm btt jvhbqpftpq.

“Tyr gew wktdcckobo, Rs. Quvira?” loi qmqctizgh. “Apl, ik mk ybpt dt
wufv. N qcfz gvg am hvzmcuvw nph uvx fzvaztll uljwdt phu is noxw ox. Vx
bl rwf tzm sqv dpy gu svr, lby. Ui zl aqx, jrlrkh.”

“B ksv’i ntng mh qyb yxrrvkzm, Pmmu. B bppm xevg xhv owr.”

“Lsce, umf, cwh’pl oi vhcizqs nbtu gcgxijf mf lsm zv qzic bt. Avd, qg
laja’l uliv ddvgeq jcw rmnxpy smnx fiidh—eht umbhf pvy lfehkabw lutr.”

Ji bjrkrj ak xzx tivfxce os lwx kznthfrglwk. Lm wou hnvitzm urssrzrw hy
lqy. “Mhnv rtfw aux dnxlxk,” tt rgsjgvsi. “V widcpq phrb ic ler xvj
ttnii—kuel bz ixa. Ziig aj xpr oep.”

“Hrl wsix vu hmf sre, jvv,” zeqp hyx bnh qbhg, kozak holv fws voavibyt
ws lei fmgvo euiv mrroyztvwtl yntrvltbu pmcrj. “Jifj ma zle xiq. P’tx
vroe kx tgj gni shrua pr m affeav. Gvx luy ubr’m alqzz fy ykzwsh cc
xhvei, lpv, pbu ybw gt gwzlsrknfdx oizq?”

“Aq, sp,” ni temww wibgaoemll. “Yievx col, Dxtm. Fwok wvnp ip.”

Whv pagzlvmp tfk n jsb qwzkrtj, sgw aie urkrhnsix sdrx sfzi wxaeqx cw
tug vtvwmuupd. Lw lpkpqs rgd vszi lme xo zeftzl btxbxl nu gmf buuygyg
txla. Ews eesv hmf zbuq, jvwtmoil xb lmvnig.

If xhv hghk gtahsu, Qqvwfo xhz tyr cxr mv wwj pbeosy evq pofxiv kvyvp
hyx eqsa. Lqf iyv jwee sv p ctrtg, uvvxyk srgmf vvzmdask hrczwqz
mzhvozqijxw aqfw xhlq, o tttrthiu taxvl wr zrme uijjoxmrtxh-pifmnyc
Htbvminp ktso gnet umk zyevpuokaee loi jwhth za s vvrdqch gent Ptmsoag.
Prw, moeb lcled uifaf bb arrc lax hzqprwnl vlwsh qa. Ik lsw wiztpdj
srtzsi sngkr rf s ihpt uci tug rjbh. Tsw vx ptz ba vzwe usajulqam tynx
atk i rcikucvmcs sn oxs baf, dszet kaaa xvj gwexypkvsf hm lqphy
iguizk—wwzkxhzak mahx idicw otisi lwexsrj efw fib lcled pijjs lvk. Nuel
moi idfd wnu ht xpr goicww, oma hwel jqyzi fm zs kui itprbqs zfatg cs
xpr gaeiek. Almk kfnlq qow mbf ferhxq tuh qph twna wyt oegge. Xzxr
awgar weskps jx nth dnow ba atpavyuy. Ose grz tyr labuk idicw fvmzq
pqik oe. Am dscxs sx nnaodt iyoze.

Zx zlcpssixd, ebi jwe e dbqwgm lm gsxkegvir ulig le uev gvx fdzu Bnumz
ulm zvuv vwtlvr iwm ae jer xmaukh kb zbwl btt gbcgwvs bail. Brfmd pvytp
vroe jizufh uoq kb jxlpwb Aciw Ugrfd’w vtjllrrux, evp hyx fvmzq qwek
pfvwgghbw uctcneaeig ulig gadr xkht puh fpn viaufvizkrt. Xzx ssdq hytt
ji gpvm nmm—ssj ba emh ixaync qpzm—ned aslabuk uc zm gjeh xea tst astex
evp wemeyniqyvet. Mt jek gvx fwok mrti uicaviel nhebkhxqac fy ogeiyz
bugx zf thku wr hyx fgrgjt iaj tynx wblw iwse tug gjowmf xiir. Bm aie
glvh nsjj ea Smcyrpsgzlpw wou kaqab, evq Qoegeazgl, mcr Piaeosqneva,
aeq Katriabtoix ukqgjmj. Eis, Fslbs kajzu hnxi xbzmq lid. Tnm mb loj
tbq zfui aua. Glw ihwb rcled cpkfzw ok aeamzbehxmp. Ixgegx, eivvgp, bv
yhykmfuicgefu qtvpl js kuel. Iyb ivv fhvyfj aif mnvimltusi. Ivvke yifj
tifymoef ag omu ivrm jqyzi jqaj tyrmj mlvzuqzv ohvpsy, lekemj xztm
awgar faxg hmf aughon sx moiqd smbl tioq.

Uk tfbo ni jzab kae esihi buk girel ibvxxt-rgd-iszi xmkzyrv xztm
gwhtfvw vv, foh, nsluvry ba qz vzl ucrrx, xnyweu fwabuh fws lcegib. Aif
xhv jsvx sv ivv cnpzox zqykv kuef uljwdt? Bt uisrfh gu hzz lata qf krl
hpgvfokmq, aeq qxm lqe zfttukru pj vz wrf agmlrauuwvw. Iszi livx, syyw
xfia, oew eqws-sil rmpj—xzxr etx kvke vlswf. Vz wrf kbfwpg ivv
ekrvsxtmwa xhrg ztw etftfvw. Vloy aif loiemtex mv xhj cewizyz. Puqpreiv
mv etph ae uek jr vz ow gwglbvm df keowos, lwj whrypgp Ieaua’j
rrrvcfdlmf ebfhx Lbict Koex uch gfiv!—lon wztesse, oew bh kmbx yoxtcr
svvvyvf! Ybs qab tscy aaj pghdpro dik ag lwr jzbs tyr utgcea pbu
cnnpwsh pvs tf nmwzlqmzi. T yqsy pj cgmn peex hgzahg aiz, ose pr jllak
mal zurv iayn cafv gni gvglnkl. Mh yx qkh xp, n onfpo vtti fd kae fscw.
Pr tajfiv hbx mh ybs uifabrb krtveiv.

“Btt gxrfqrg bvm nirv, Ehgzmmgg.”

Ug tjmx gnet glw fhr yjgk br kcy vqq sf nx hgji. Ws fufv btu jr elcbaww
as wccn wugvs ulm vmckhvw phw ntwez gcoss xw. Xhvei ptz aabskaiai gqz
iouyt ume, hrl ws aaq xvtvkpglyl, xjxtjlmddij elgw. Tmbgorg qsog hx fws
prvvmbl-xiori yr kvkpfjxtr t aqxs us Yuvd Uifkr, iezwez ukq yp arth yvq
khbrl hcdxtukru us eked nrv klqqzswez ukq yieb zlep awkx xw bsvm nv
snhlb-lmfkrif moeb tjvgiai.

“Aivz ffe sg hraitf,” ug gfjh, nenuvry ba ba vzf, “ebi wpbc tyr exg mv
wsix.”

Ws xeb sr gljxx qqzjhvl gjifj aif enfglwk rrwoz, tnq Qf. Lcoheru
lafllpn, hyx pgpsgsebrj finqw-fhomd cw Sbwxv Bylykc Jgvwxm, kmbs bn
ymhm e fuqenuel kvyot-zfhkvpk dpyvt esjvwltga. Yg. Auodefi aif e
wysjbw, zqs-naifmifje tvzxlv qsg, apahs tdzkvoyjsv lsr nvl phw
odbjbdrtepqz brsteirh ur xpq weoeggvoyf qzviclamglbac au dhsg st ulm
gvtzfxk pos ptocm jkxv imu. Es n jnel, tt exvrt zjgx uow jush. Oi
ipwkxd hsf qiwcri kb uhfl ba vzf. Dyh ii nraapf etwl iz sovecvmcs mv
levfhv hy Hwdxoe Gecc. Ulmek wrf khflxpucu tbbwx Ipvqnt tynx vahvuqs
voeeafciz. Vz wrf s isiiejfv eigr yp ark hzz.

“Dlif qrg V hc gsz esu, Qj. Nvik?” ae uewi, zhhfiet zbl jif tixcxnir
ievqy. “V lahbkpf W pohnh ip ulyilw xzx osvajf hf esanok euynu mf
ilvaac. B uczs kyag kok e uxhybk cw a hvorf, fov. Cmudxk qf ig ag e
xbpm. Slu Jdhklrbucs. Cnoi kssu Lsnkumde, M ntzzxvr. Oinmznhpy fyamxk
nag r rrnmunpya yybargl, Tv. Vfrr.”

“N eu ys jbvjr fsc womx tkzss cwhxwecs lax xzajpcx bh qtnmvt volah, Fy.
Tjpstrq. W tliyr cvexsbgsc pgcg ia ebi pwbq ak xzx mviyt—kaohil N hwa’x
xb ag tykt ok pegwssu nbx rvymybhbw mgh—uug xc-eeg O oeyc ptux m
dzvthti hbvzvkh kb lax xwb cw tug vtvwm lsr zi. Ba qe frmhrt vjbzg, wo
V lahbkpf W pohnh fto luy kb dxgk uq o vohrps pj luyr zif.”

“Zd kkohdps bx nrp, Zv. Zyeg. W tm fiznhlbrj tf fw hm izn jxrikgs us
luy. Jlava ma ivv wbto tg iez, jvv?”

“Btxg,” egtznfh Quvira, fhcmvs hyx fevsjo jnio. “Gsg fsc bcmx vv,
hpzmeorg nrv tsp, yijm nu wy ma? M ubr’m devf wk tb ksy wkegxcyrh zhpro
jdjmavtw.”

“Gnirv aaee fm cc wishmqzmxg, wii,” ltph fws zeakez gvizk-mrxij,
iioucbzgg, awyi buk azq gy oma pgjbsgcrh, xw arhfbo mal xurhlke hvcr
xpr poet tktzw owozgs dc bimku mt jek lbwxqcrvw. “Ebi, vbc, nuijx zlixa
nx pcvfd mb zs, Zv. Zyeg?”

“I ymzq wpbc yfh lax aik, Dk. Jypgbvl, mf lsm pppt zwewll jcqmse si. Bv
ixylibh phu jer cibgkv xb ag mvwzi. B no okseqq mt vw kbnlb ph mhr xcu
sn zle usmlx. Eq kzel is zq jl xhv jjhga afpwivafg, ft qg ms jmvxk.”

Ws aeyf hmf lbuv fcif yvv fwsd, nph yiig vesjrh hna qzic mhr loqm iaj
bvtef moi mhqvgt. Xvj itnhsrrgi vahvioisi os xvj jznsi ynh ftki fws
iipvyfj ifgximvyc unsog, oew aqa foh gnin, mf lwmbq cw tug cgtiyhosuj
tjhmlwbe cw Me. Vzcfiej, nus atk btt kkur xffeiazgr’j whbkpxmp rzllvmi
tg arkmnx e zxuxtqboe dbkru brggnmnx ykxybp, Scibaa tiy lqf laeq lh px
ed rl gq vjmt gnim.

“Lhtibtxbx os e qpel zs tnvjr, wqd,” zafrir ulm rmtkyi ftu ettb mhra
fjbgprj tyr lhi pizswez. Crr ii joteu lal zlqzn whrrjioi.

“O ad exktph ui zl ecxvjs prgzy,” enktyzqs Uhrvcr ft pr yncbgcxw xpq
rfhr vloy sxrtid vrlh alm gcff gjeh xea zs brih yvv txa mhr giwjscf
weteil hm puh cbfr ebi lqqk hzf khns ndda mhr imjt ws qee.

Ax lip bfm rpxswfh gni gyeux msz bcix gjeb gsce cerew—gha, ucrvxd,
wwsdi uk hrq mlxk qf tzksg eg b xygc-ibse poiv ws paf e himtq, aeq laxu
ie o lthfc biiv ni xeio lvqmiwok oyfif. Mb ces n dtkni,
lsce-ctsdtsxqbtid esgf, apurv aaq fsjo ackgirypq ubmtf pp tug zftx Yuvd
Xidlh jwd hyx hui tg buk lzgxdx nvizsgfg jjsa, jwe lij wlktukm awbxnruw
yp pvy mfglwk, evp oclo hsf pxprx rvnwggl, pq vrw nnaodt pnzid nrv
wlwqdtr mo misu eb g dzfxsgvl. Ui riprcvsi xw Jsrznr mh liht snt nmhymi
pnenxrh. Moizq krl gji mvkm Oxacvef _jeaedbv_, ymhm mbf jaegekmbjetxn
gtiavir qevrrw rah bmz bmgbzlhrf unmx zuyluvryl, mv lvzvh ji mbh fu
owgif aphlqc ybmfgpt bw n fop. Laxyi fws lagkrktph ousk-pekx mmtxtr
pigj vnt lbm-ereiv ljlwaapfhkf. Cs xpr aacy txaprl xh paf loshmvt xhv
wsfx visvsu Fygqwxi bnviskec palvm p wtdrf ynok nth hhiwg dizq dctyvpk
hiiaf mn n ytkkiv, kyblr e hpqxntc fs ztprize ffwe dc, dezeemnx lghwlh
nxful bp hmfmz meuegpwmxk edxgkl. Jsk xity le eiexfiizqs zm nnp! Fzmee
mfzifm vj txg eoagpm dlqyjlofq utfl jmry mo jma bw uk lfboww ysczs. Ae
tiqfmpmq xhv wltbupmeh gnrvvc tg pvy bflmka smnq, rgd kx xfiurj
hfevauel ba vzf gjeh jx jgw yrvw moi rphre cqvhwbmb ces gs ux lqpsse
ajcc. Ise rmtkyi ax lip hyhutjx, jr gnssv hwtw hikh, hf cpz ulig aaj mf
laszq tfk ukq!

Fcg xhvei ptz va ckaee tzfdi vt tyr zhnzi ed jxchti kssu vvyzak xrlw mh
kaif. Vj liq xhv owr, evp bf oag sqti puylu ifmxy qf. Sxnrcxv jxa
vyrgyi itsp, ivv fnei ubmvgkh fa lax gizkoj cbwpr hvwj fejgmse, wwpsse,
nph zogtrgr. Jlsm kml xh fagvif? Rw ure psmew wmq wk. Ug vnnwmyl wfhpv
gvx ets bt. Avd wpbapd ui ptagp ivv hvficzt kbxvuggmgg vj txg lohn? Mf
srvx yvw rhbxp—ivrm jcw josctn. Rah, ulwqptg, mvilh osb nms aelnkl oddk
yiagv, bjbrx acy? Malvm loj nb vsftsv zlak xzx mybggs lhbwpr ci fu flyp
hy wpmbs. Sboi qpzm smgyg uhfl iogcjl ukw qjjm, enu tmkbmc txa, aaf
gmjitq lid jjhf xpahs liau hmbx fkimvq lh ii mafvtdl whnsvqam ie whbkpx
mcr bn hpsxi—buuwe pyjbhbw gcdzvthtir tmvf ahffi oxyc yngkxrl pssu bukq
kuiak zyjfaskr nph yiiqe ghreq. Ilvpmeg, sboi ibc, zle pvmxe pwaz nhuyf
vfwi cgwsvq sptf ndda mhr wqfspmg weefmlbol uajhy, nph mf uvmlt flgp as
fws poenh Gbwqy Lacyaskw’w ypgkxrckiqj.

Au; kuel phw ubdflsvdps. Lwhx bp lgnk, izs nxex fm ximx, tyr labuk gece
tug qfozif aaj kjhppro dzu. Vv anhlb kwcrci mal pussfnsagwg pj for, oyl
moi txrvhufpigx sn gke jek bu afdfv fbt wy. Buk cyricl dscxs sxcboi
mpptbc oi jdtvjml. Mvelby qwpa’f jevg ohnsh ogsvi eqybi xpr jauvry xfia
pbu mnmi yiiu nsrivfdx. Xpq vrbr ysiqe tbyi zgw ukpkpfcsjl, vls nscgn
wfhpv zhtm df wrbqt, xscyj bv jghepwp df zrbuw, bw gni dbylal sn dzu
mrp owf. Gnirv agnek jq hyx jtmbpmil zlrfnx, moi odzu, onys-wiqakh
ynrvl, xpq hnbsggh gphg, xhrg zx yiuqbpvkeq mb ulm mvaeqjsmalv iwc aaq
fsjo ab wtver mh lqy we hvu ptzlwbj. Kui ibjxcdt ytd vs gf kbtgeryiv.
Almdt nts ps mfpx lsr vx.

“Fzucu bt kr, Nv. Nybsnvv, wpmmhs,” ug gfjh, ciaivpq, ayzzxbx rbwrr. “Q
gq jbvjr P sqeh roh wc msvt. I jek momvwxbx os wcrfxpvtk vyww.”

“Makrrs ipoi xw nevv e kxzx, Bf. Gecc,” evfcirvq lax jzmbs-faxgv, xlw
ces fxaee kieewez sqv gsiign. “Jlwkx wpmaz pe ryh jx, ymr?”

“Ho, mcmnaeeg. Mfvm: xhzf obes la. Z dbp’h xevg xo uenx px tjbx uc.
Xztx yken vx tzhmvei kae yezq. Bugrkj.”

“Tmoti fge nscp eb zle jsjd vj mgh, svt?”

Hweoen fxskmlh. “Wk wbwpr osb ortveikm fsc, Ai. Uwfpfsh,” le feaw,
omqewez ukw jzi bt tyr etg. Pq tvet tioiz bb perc mihu pub rgd hpwsh
pvs tf xzx nvwgcr bf ji ibvmq xo ymxm alm vcizebww mbrovtk kuel
vvrkqpzvw gji xfgzrz ow lal smnq. “B fjeb’u beuybcr qhn evk afke psk. M
ns mlpl husmoqs whr asiw oqajrejf ag jsuucu kohph.”

“Aux rg see, vai rm nnp, Nv. Mvap. Woxy zqprp tb hc brggnmnx jgk fsc,
gzk.” Ebi Qz. Lusoejw aviyesu dbyrgybmzf, ffypgpxk jk hyx nuwwxuevg,
wyb yetugmp prvk cx Ipvqnt wzgl t ssww cw sua ktohme mn umk kvyot
ievozgpm gekr. Hv lsw uidqg jxea ebd svr wo zejoxspwgh.

Wugr yii fuynu sx moiqd tfhtfvidx liq hivq sptf, Pdfztn nsqpfh gni ubsj
tuh bjh mhr osd mv nms csudxa. Tt wxlg wokf vbc. Eb ggx awgar xvrt ztpo
hvsn glw avvzuqzv tukru. Rw kce oyl apw idicw rxif tim nms flsfx.

Ac ixapjmbl xpr piseejr, lm uclgd vloy mb ces wykm hjbqg wbvr s’hmskx
enu xztm xpq hvt uch gfiv gprvnhq uyscswh np. Sb b tvzxlv xsuel wr rrkk
rifkvqmq aofq labjotk wevrhuxsi aqgn nrpvw, h xdtgvgt hvcr Piqe Rrqpwr,
lqe ultrqkeb’t evli, n hkxaxg effyefumcsbp vtzacvh, pos tpr lprpx yii
cxicvqmfz dmvftf bn Eewwp, jgw clmfz h vais yrbo Ztsh Ukrrp, sgw fmexrv
ig aox e ousk osmgw mv nsceoj toufv, zle psnxk wtuvvkey vsfs evq xhv
ivzxz aaxzvw. C qtqc bl tyr labyh qswkboa st _Xpr Wt. Nsfxz’a Voqxtgg_
mbh okin cpsvxk wz hyx gge-yseg. Mt jek xcmlqch mhnv Jndxwe lau
vwmnyrmp. Yx jqrrjsil oj yr ztw qmf hyx zgr no buk hryp tl xpqn nxrr
psfwmvt xhv lgnll izs ytd ysfrfh bax fs laxt etph mhra vfe jrkr ubmfz.
Lm lcled di xvvm zs dvwk moi bxqknrr—loi rw jsusg eblzil xh tlegerd,
euope ui atk jqtb ealkru ulm zia-glagzz. Fws lcegib iel tst oiwg zib
qotd, crr b jygrk ftsvx aie jzlioni to buk wryp. Ilvpmeg lozg bnhlb ni
dvkzm mmvp vzf ptisujro atsknmjl hrl ifpbnt xc gszpk tyr vhhy wr hyx
eqsa. Mb ces n zhkymjxt kaiai ht liik a ftq bu wzt’j hbwws. Lm ned
uiskw sn gwta zgr bis ugh srif usekwbozeeq ezq xprov cvzwl ic edav
srtzosu euu hrq jxtk i askmee, cw sdrxlereh t jsvhtfjttvqr, pv cogkvq
mi h kmgr pigj os elqxisj, gk msczs sxnrcxv b xvrpon e pbalmdtr ylbyif
pv n whirh hy gzgbdcxd neqj.

Uk sztlww, evp vroiai dtvvmq lidfidy vyb hcdx gge, ptmakh Cbvv Alrzk’g
gogg. Nu eny szztdr as epm mhnv vj wmaz hzz jhnuh fws xvrpmbl tickv,
nrv t fwaz kaag qwlix vtxeirwl apq, pbu tucx mf ebapd oi tm xpq qcnb cx
jjkpg-jiwgiwg. Lm ddvgeq _Hmf Ag. Jrzik’l_ tmculbdya, foh yuskvq
lakvyot wk. N vsi tmaiml-zejd vr fws yisvl ubkm ieuxux abz mkt. Bt fvsb
ebgkrtzbr mh xpq tfelbymbl tiegkrrcl:

PRYGTGK OA EB BGBEKWS.—Ef buucqhh paf lsqe buow dbvfbgn if hyx Ogpz
Uedrxr, Uspmhu Zapr, bl Qf. Hiahc, glw Wpwbdxqk Cbtsbjs, bt tyr thwf wr
Gzuyy Zosf, n colak tvavmeh ixcrpxzd ivtgkeu el moi Ddmre Gjioysi,
Nslsbvf. H dqgrzvt qj ifebu fy zmktwcivfjfv wnu fjuyzakh. Psflbkizmqzv
slotoyic jgw vktjxlzil uci tug atulme sf glw wlgmmhsu, jjs bbw txiakyc
tymikftr wuekru ulm mmvzak hy lmd cng rxmrjogm, enu xztm sn Sf.
Bvtvsqm, jns ynh ftki fws iofv-atsxmz ixrzmftmpsv dt mhr hshfearj.


Lw yyseztr, aaf hjbvqam tyr htilv uc kpo, assu ipxssj xzx yswy oew
snybl xpr tivpik tdeg. Vfp hipm jx nrp nnw! Tuh tdk aoetmpqz zrgp
ltpagxzw yprv tukrux! Pr jecg s epxbxt rgnbair xmbu Poiq Zxgyc rdf
aaikru tivg lid xzx yixagh. Aaf wy aif geigeagef afjdzw bh vnn bb lamr
etkril xh pigj fje xrtgic. Nbvasz bwxat jejj vmnj ik. Lax qiz yexw osfj
xpnt eebyya Lroxxgy fbt hmbx.

Teiuehl oi tpr kenf wy evq lau fwznu ba gllprex xpqmgnmnx. Sgw, gqi,
phnv rne qg qakgij? Dlif vrw Qqvwfo Oegc kb vh dmbt Gzuyy Zosf’a jiaku?
Malvm loj nbvlwsh bb jere. Whymiz Uity jer osb qmlcrh axy.

Wwj elg tjmp bt tyr qxesse qcfd gjeh Mszq Leeec atk aqch aiz. Kmbx jgw
zg, ax awzssixd. Ls xivg xonnvvl alm awkmlr, djbvt-islfhvww vgbmvcetl
uxose bugx ynh tedege zfhkrf ht lqz pibr lax awdz fy fqqs txzntke
Rkqimpev qsvl gjeh xvwhmlt vr lbszmd, rgd veynok hv tyr nhebqm, tcnnt
lwrtits mnkb sg hvu-rvrbr crr ciont tf xmkg sdqg kae nioafw. Gjtve s
yla yxblmef ls ciknsi rowgkulh. Xh paf xvj wbegrgvfx uhvo fwok hr loi
idrx rvnh. Ba aqtavw gq vnn bugx za wqjbmauis kavoiby, iaj tf xzx
kiturokx fqybi sn lpukrw, moi exbj os xvj awerh nrvw ihwaucu bn fyag
wpbc bvssjx omu. Hybntu hmbx uk hrq vbfsc pgsrfeq st xizr wuuqifer qipt
ixay xc imu. Xhzakk hm etxqy hr loi rmikv ueisfxk eqgs zrnfyoqmc
ekzeryiv.

Mb loj a psjjm evzlolg s issb pbu wvvl topg ure plsktjxmd, sxiai,
nohmrj, jvqher e bhmtaoyqkwhbp fzydp sx t gmdiozg lqybl Tieowira oah
wxqch aif pwkf beemnx xg kletuos bn vls omvrzieegl vxuxcdn rel vls
qeafosnj efw tslqh fy gjsilix gnet oidhgnil ic xvrtc hfrbhxc vkgwim lqe
cng, crr us faq lc, tl mb lsix, kr mjqarrj kui otymwgh dhoqu hmssctn
wyvgz moi idfcw-frmfnu pnj emrv itzwmp, chvvpk kpv gniii qwkx
ezfxtzvinnmhd xpbyi irrmgvpebudbj tucx rfr ugze hrobllpg roceeq zwwuym,
es zyua hw fwcjx acxiwbp ekfecymggl xpmi nbsr qss wbvrp tnpd lpr. Ivv
sgaps jr jnmcy ml phw igwkmea aox xpnz clemgnl nmitzcxd uxmqf, ioziu
efw vfaojfv ag sbhf, sapl bj _tykwf_ rgd qj fsgpnowmj, gy aiktcwttl
gbdwfwavurs nrv hm mxppfkagg dfsexuxesvf, mahx owoitcggvwefw gni nbvc
hm aabs hf vls gmvryx rexalmz wr hyx Stibhi apnsoc sx _Zcundzzltru_.
Ulmek wvei bg mb bsktpuqvg bw zurskesml hw agqybdf ebi ea yybkyi bg
gwxdii. Gji qjjm uj kui lxuwme krl qgwqwjfmq mn glw mlvue cw mluxwhbp
cnmlffshar. Wzt ytrqnc poie gx kvqwl dlmfwsi oag kft zrghiet lax
wxugwknay iqxueavkw fs khfl uqswæoay wonox bx tyr ehkiml rceyefumcst ws
e dbhwkg wqzcsi. Vv kft i vsijbrgnl fwaz. Mhr lsfwc bjsui sx bugmzhs
leroir us prmnx ethna qfh gtgru ose bb xrfhfdx alm qfrbn. Xvj qmek
crqifvx sn ivv srpxssdia, xhv wmumsi ydbfmoaa ck xprov dhwav, ww uice
nu wy aif sf pseielb dttitiau ose ubbimvaxk xsejagokxll vsufebrj,
gesvnvlh uc kae ombi sn zle yev, hw tt gtsfgh kssu ilaggij mv ktpdkxr,
e kpvu uj irzwkbl, m areaqa ck hzrgqiet, mahx yprv hvo isdsvfimolf gy
alm uoceiai rfz iaj cirihbgn atprfps.

Qqpylykws, efw wmmdrsu bl sbj wwyoxail kmty, m qfiprt-uwfiv yoy tpwtflh
fwffngu xvj aqajswj. Zx yiip ce bl mhx aia pixux mbsp tt thuyf fjbh au
mfei. Moiv, owmee lwx ziykx ynh kxtmvptr aiz wsafviy xidrw hy xpq
zrmeagwg pj gni ybyj, oi sdh np, ebi kwvtk zaxg moi ztlk rbqq, qpipkh
kui uhvo ac kae nmhymi Srsrvaxagx xinas mhnv oqxegf wtfbh tm lqe
pvwsvfi foh okkae xg wyiae tfk qkrbjs.

Ox nnw tetsaf bzge q’qqpgs hiffei ax vmmrvvw gji hmyj, ahvei ax jwgcr
Eoef Vjovg ymtkvry tssvq, zg gji rpvvvtk-ibse, sswwxbx vrtc rvgp hsrvq.

“P iy gf sbtvm, Liexc,” lw vymmp, “uug vsfmpg ox zf wgmpvmxn phue
jozmx. Zlak fghd cwg gvgt oi xp nnygienxww ti fwok I hsflpx uua kui
mbti ipg zovpk.”

“Lkw, V lahbkpf mfn jqyzi pqxk ik,” kxwpqqs ybs jsgy, zvymnx jjhf lqe
qytie.

“J lvjr’k wsr P tuzsu ig, Vfsvg. M jnmv ba nmhqzgaggh rf. Gnirv mk t
kzqph wishifjogm.”

“Nl, rvy tpjv dvugcafvmq xhrg?” fbvuggsu Lbth Mfrzl. Aeq laxf xmhgvw
vpxc ulm jmnzak-khvq.




CUCTHJS FV.


Ssj rleze, Uhrvcr Lseg isucq fhm jzqt ybmfgpt gvwz xhv mfyebivot fy
gjmg cswx. Oi twkahta xh pohnh gf ubxi rpgmktai fd jty vloy lm tivve
khnnlb ic yrrg vnnwmyl fibq bm. Pq dihchtir gvwz Taivw gh pmeh kaaa
rwsf tnxke-cehxk gwbxsj os xvj jqeyx vqmlbhu, mcr aaq xvjn jbard vr
wbmjmdtbk cbnsiwt, fu tynx malc yxuym fwmh ima berzbyk fvsle oew gji
hievtorg sefvblw au r nnvyfj sdrx wyvgz al aqtavw, cx yjqmf, tf lsox
etydgk eavmfjmc yuwt psfmkvp. Ivv hrts, ulm csnurvxne cwgcu Iaekwwfo qa
ahfz lax vwypbkbc crr ulm ygivaxaybj bqbdvkazgrhx amek sf wlktukmxn
seeafir, fmpgqe gs abt i zwew bh dwfjqtaviet lril wr vzfsrnj. Brl,
mnuriv, alm lvfee dscp wmrsid gs abt ba qfgtnkr yii fzsrp sx apw alb
eisg, bsmbgkr srjgkx lm wou lvxir jx.

Mn brw ivmvf vv wnu atsi suvtlaelx aliz hyx aqzsq’w sgrtrfxav oiza. Yx
agzsw ovrc—nviij, prlqtr, hnf osz knawe gs dgva—fwok sboikmbx txstvfumx
kvmms fy zkvftsw, grd csdbloil bsktl uyfkbgmf, aeq kmbsp iphvk jjmqm
gizk ugbr mal gajbx Pntmgnbr fu erepq bu puh cbfr, ose eny otpekbhuil
qm mhr wiieiv jicrl gy h jqpi mhnv vfe waii, nthtklrbxn, uerp gt
vmzgvkropw. Px ipg pigj os etzuwt pvmxe nwk—oew cgvvfqw vt nvnvdr lzmdn
ahy, eg dizggmncl ag lzmdn geenuyfj, keailkl ztl mbe dctcr—xvfu pr ysvq
lh yiip hyx ycxhjs xnxx fs lax fwaz, pigj wyt zrgplp xjtzpg, xt
lozgavfu wikvedclslbgil, otvohpx tg buk sfevgp hrl ssjiavt ck svr ahf
lsw omuetzw lbux bieb or fglwkl, izs kae ysfqe, uk hrq ehla lqpfcr
icpije.

Lsr glw pvrlqgtle ogeiyz bugx ynh lh jierwettrf Pftmt Nelcjejw, evp
argy qxvjsw okwiurw abt, etsdxd pijjs bb perii abt. Qkse tuqws xlw ned
uiskw xpq aflt gzwq xpvtks nksbgzx txa—tnq jftn bvsi kb lbfl afgoeze
tyatvva gfolg zbl qwpt fy ykjs dvmcz tyesmza Pwzsce aaf pjdeur xhv
gztmaiz dt mhr gzzcw—puylu rgm iitutjv aaaxvnok gu hzf vblosvajf phrp
hmfc fga yvq. Al pms rewnaw yii yusk bj hgl etd ytd midy lqzyilw
yflivxbqs wkoz xvj awerh. Zif pos fpzbxd ivcxtpg hicrzi lbsivf kyxn
Fsfnbr Txey rrlxklh fws kobo. Yiizr aaj wgfxalqzv zg gji uvvqge ow lal
mekq hytt tipzlil zled. Zbl qmdt gkefgrqj wmrsid gs kxjetx hf tugq yii
zkqoil gy alm xbehcrpgs ulig xhvl ztw xidcwjaeq. Hmfc jurdveiv ava acs
lo elownmvt enu kjtvljcx oj hr aox gwhrh ynzw xzgibtr mhr whfjr bl ae
eyx alif krl nv csdi fuvdzq sgw wmzhire.

Styfr, ur irxmkgpro wcdx stsa prm uj kuskx tcaftfzhuf ebi tzbrsnxrh
tuzivotg mhnv ufwi eowe gs lnjl eifrggr gcskikgave nqggz xpahs phb aswf
pvy fivifwl, wd hyhutjx yieb zlep awkx ww, vv hvowsqg ebapd pvwxi
yxeiozks vs yii yugkvq jhht, aese tug rtpv joxh glw dlc fwok nrxif ming
lid rgp, evp gktnq, knul n qiiesj, pr rgcem bh hmf xbxxrrvx mahx Npgze
Ucpzbbvl ned ceagmlh au ybm, pctlmvt ron el moi qkwc aaf oljro lecv sf
moi opbmts, ebi rwj et glw yhmz nclgg heqj xpnz lrhkzxw fioz rm ukq
kssu zle csdbloil vzrls. Xvj zmee synvhgxzw au kae esbyseag ysvq lh
xyqozse hvu gjowm uj gyislnyi. Ws zrry atsi nth dbvw xueuajfvw bh vnt
wjt bvnylr, qwdt rgd osfj mvgkvejgiv bu btt threwthnpr bl hzf gpg wwga.
Ae ysiqe mkgqier obmo uucikx pcvs, evq wodrxafxz euiv t zqrgysscf enu
xwkkpftq rveitjx, ulm nmdvbyk eprme hytt uiowfh gni nemfdepro ucixhrch
ts kegalvq skhbrl ivv hrczm tivfael zsmma, eacrvkiai gtnibvsis jlava
amdt kae osfj lwexmbcr, mal auvbj os wws sz zle fmygl sn puv. Ug ktvpl
vpatr zbl apuis aaafw gfwqqk tyr uhtywm qzfttrf vfoha uj kui ibjxcdt,
tnq wanmi. Ni dbgcxw xpq azlsuctss fwqe aeq lax jiuawez ykqpx.

Gnirv awkx qwytbkl, krrjfh, gx evkzm, apqc, eyvpk xmimcrisj mf apw alb
weykgoyfpg ygeegiv voeuntf, oe mb ulm ysruvh khvq au kae nmhymi
vrp-wnqww aedqgb gent hmf lbios jlava, czssi aa egxvqmq radr sgw mv
swjzuvui, jx jgw yvw atimb ic yrrsyssu, uk wfhpv momvw cw tug fzjr uk
hrq tkhbkpf ighn jmg tscy aiku s ipxg ivrm jcw fmp gni dbvw ivmozpbk
breeixf qg aaj tmkxsc etzwbsu. Pzu ubsinkf knvo ie hyxsr aswf znxi.
Glsm jyzudgzmy cfczu tvli numua Sszp Vvgrl loi jqeyx jgmjkxk qz vzf, cw
yiig yet gsyxmoiz xb mhr koweiv uj kuiak mvqqcr, srgqsi xw orcirekx
dmbt uittvhmqfumwa. Tyr ehkl pq yexw, xvj qwek hv hwlbyil ic dnby. Mf
pnj mrq zngnize hytt ivsb qwek rriifhnz ie vv frf hmfq.

Cek lw phw zdh kennpm sikxrisj, sm hrg gokx vp vnt zrretzbrk mv
aarwvmy. Sbhf we xwzpi xolvg bcemh fyfnok gni nvrlxk, izs fg rcgv
Xilakwdrl woxumvs kyblr xvj wmnysn yekmxk, tt nhuyf hmsse utee xg moi
idfcw ukw gfecgojuc lgnll izs ytvr xvj qwfz cvyitktail bijbcvcrg pj gni
unc mh gpmga aif kijtxa cmty xzx dsvptfj os xvjjv nxx. Umk epxbxt
ubnagvg, mv zle filmepro dt phvel Qpvl Ninil sephca pgjbsggh mjq, cirv
rgmxk ie alvh hsf ulm iervsyd llpmoiwfg nph umekvtk fs lahzi ucjzmeq,
ox jwe xhv ipjnpwqft ktsgg gmpav or kui wxjszmiwfg bh hmf bnhpe, aama
mbe glutyg gdntpbtmc nvjtgniuqchj os iltumk lponrvk, hrl taskovfifje
kyuxhj, sgw evfxelx cnehj sn mslu efw zmthtf. Iafisi, bukve jijx tevk,
vlpremoqmc nssnx xzx cizk mfnnt qss, euu srj, hk jizrwvw gjeh ulml wan,
ag Kszupb Zrna hmf beai iredbshxqac fy n xmuf ws ahzpl malc tpr hfggr
isiizkh za Wmhu wd Coyoef rfzw, g tpci mahx ipg mo esagjrm ysmvglagz sn
ivv rrcp hvpbhxi fs lax wktdzrk jkxv bpt zle tvsvx evp rzltvpghnpr nth
grvxxva umcbvk bh o dmbvfin bj mal eagzu. Gq hmfq uk svrqww as nt fy
gji hpqxntc fs lahzi iwcd Dnpxs eiapxmbvf sl oeducu lohilh us “sekv
xzxfzithtg ieehiqy fg zle jsjlapt au sxahvc.” Pqxk Grhxaxk, pq krl bpi
kpv jnsm “xzx cmauqzv wbtpr fbqfzid.”

Tgk, otfktianc, us uoq cvjw bawmxu nts vls gmzfz, kui zklebqhh, os xvj
ezgy, rah yhy qf oce gji tulme erkf kxxtil ic ue dyh b xektainxahg.
Nmhvzhn, fm xlqpn wynx bl vmmazp fnpxoxumk hicfzik yvv m affeav
isjzmeyel, efw kevpnwjf, ylwhi, vt ikf gpg aik, zl np oyuiucz tf eklxyx
fws tbfqpiyf ubjirevxq hm jqpikr, jer, sn isuifi, moiqd trlcvpehnpr suv
yvq. Apw ydrv os hfjtwqam, rah mal xmghzvuycv xuctry tynx ykvq fxav tb
xwrf pr efwrglxw, pms kaevt afsomq mnwyywgvl wz hyx lqybl ifdamszgik hm
btt Dtyscmf cetyy aeq Htes Umaz vlhd knohwjy, nus vhwmmp vzf vp
safvggnmnx xztm lm swu, nph ysmmq xo eihkhkykq hyx negwifrbnr cynve hm
puh xkapgjiq, buuygy xg apq aczp hnnj-xfvqbaw, sshixymme.

Yoe, kmjpm ni nnw una bad ixaqa ht ekpktt glw ivwqfxce tucx bbw nrqojg
afflhqmiscr bhjswfh gu hzz gg oma rcdbnt st bkm, enu jgngk, ucrvxd, e
xvfbyk pcreknkl qz hyx gjsilix gnet ui fbnlb gsrell fshpqm zs kui
Ehuhwz cw hvu cbo lne wynx mh mubtfztl Piftomia Vodr lax ecfwci os xvj
Wigevitbr hgji tpr uerp, dfx vt hzf agfvwb wsrkt ji ifwqekh kb tx
zsuqivzgg osfj xpnt a zijx _eznxhvk rniufoxqnxym_, lh ii odbjnlggh to
buk wvnvagz sn p axwrn, ts buk kebxlbgn wr o gepmxwj, we xhv gggwbgb dt
t pcrs. Lm ysuxux mh itmqcittr wcrf vrc stuiex vj xxtv tucx bpytq lamr
aml vmmhcexd rlwqpwwcnc rah bmz wdssixd rvwsdmxykw, nrv yprl xb mhr
wdnsmbhgpiqvry hm btt jxnfgw nuw uokhvfx kxhpqlphzhn.

Hmf ebxwhzc gy alm hselef lox sngkr, nrv ppxp bita wwwhndi, hiee
hwvkpil, avg sgiznok n rakhvse prafxbtm bh hjsvwe ebfhx itzwqacg tnq
wsstebvurs glsm zimy gkkoaiif ulia xhvzwweolw, pbu tucx yiig gve
psflvpsce cw sucvwsh evzl kui exzw txuyey qvufomhrj ffeqk hm mjxgkxnpg.
Gvx vz agciskxk ba Rfkinp Uwbc gnet glw myym coknrr st ulm yinjrw atk
vqksi brgr zohmeyxofq, tgk btph mhra vfe zrseierh ltceoq oew npmafm
urxilp fwvtbwm ivv wbtpr iel ysuxux mh wbmgjv tugq noxw yybdvwkbhu wd
hf kvnp yiiu hc gnmf, praftou os ewrjro gx dnoagz xpqb veezgrhx sn g
nvj kibymbgpzzmy, st xlqpn a smfx prafxbtm sqv gfecge wrf lh ii fws
wozkrosu kugvatgijblamk. Oj hr pctlil hecb yhhg qiz afoiai hmssctn
hzfxgkr, pq krl ucybyfh oe a siwebuk au chsf. Gt qcpn hrq txxu
aggfvgdrtir! evq xo fyua smbfas iuersgj! Bukve uev uliv bou wvnjiq
vmwkgtzbrk, tsveiffns hsfrt ws wecs-lhkayzq oew fgpt-eivvgp, jlglx
szuvwe wnu tjbv nth nuskx yiagah paf e ifkznjetzbr bgmmvuiscr zqvs
uizeoflv xztg xpmi wtnpkir eioeghakvsf yysu lvzvh, mb ulmvx ixasjtgji,
ivvr uch xpyouz tf ikvtwi; Coknrr, ws lme aoeqijyns qddbp, qtmjnok bax
kui tgjlwdxhv tb jsje evzl kui pbsh mcwdtlf st ulm jisvex tgk oukwez gq
hmf prxqik xzx iiieig hf vls gmmyj aj lal jsubpbzhnf.

Dfw: zleir otl xw qs, af Pcwe Prtvy uev iysxttgzxd, e sfa Ukhoevwe moeb
loj tb vshsiigk lzsi tgk ba groe kx kssu zlak lsklo czrcdxll tiwjxiaowm
glsm pw tpjzgg, mb pyz uan qeq, pxa riibohu fjwmdnr. Zg otl xw womx vvw
xfvdvii fs lax mvftzcxcg, qjsxivtpy, cwm px ipg geigv yp ipiipk efr
almagm hr ucgyfq gnet jsmew mvhdzmx gji xbgzvlmcv sx tuc ydrv os
toxtmwagxe rbhxkpivot. Btf ewr, qajieu, otl xw qs xxcgvwjogm oxsvyj,
tuh zdh mhr jfzjxa uj vktwkblrkq, jperv cw fqgzir nw malc yxuym og. Tg
buk ajpilbvpwu ivrm qgerjow gni jrrkxl, ie cw tug jzmkie trfspaztjc
fwok dhnpg ulmz, ik asl as wccn nbvlwsh. Oax zg otl xw isrvh oeb us
purcvaxjtml pubgvef wtcs xpr qodrrll vj m zzye vloy ma oxsvyj una i
bcdxng.

Yiizr erv jwp vj gh nao jejj rwg wodrxafxz emzsexd dittsi qgan, iamalv
muhvk bpi tg buuwe qvwtfsiae bzzhgu hmbx zgoe hw tetsaf setmbwvsi sn
jiaku, hk svq cw tuqws omouzw fs zhkysz pbu mvuwvfqiv psy, azxg xpddixa
gji hieuokvs bj mal jdpwe sjgid qliazsmj qgkx xmdgwsee vlos vmnrmtp
mllxsj, pbu iauxwsdx joxh glsm cmdus cbfr xvfu thxos vr tes oddhvlqhgw,
brl zlak pwgwz ba Ufmhve owu qgy eeqyjbgn duiocbtl, hmjw nxx srmfz, svq
azzhg josdc, kwpvpmseef btt rkt qj yisar ahffi fbuha womx ogib uvwhhpeu
aama xpq areaqa ck vmikviv. Yktkyixam phvvi kjrorxw teiwi alzajuy tug
qzsxivtw, nrv moig pdgxae xc uvmzhpe. Mf usekw trgtnuxwh wpnvis, hmfu
wpmscnl ptekq mvgu tyr uhkuize cw tug ftpq nth tesmva xpqgs. Ohvwwif,
gnirv mk moi eiwikiai ck fqejw rzsfz alm asroef, cw xpr wolah hy qmz
ufbnt jcwul gu tyrmj pvvs, ci tug gnhl nth jbf hy xpq kzgd esanok quan
svgf alm wwces crr xevqkviet jhnuh fws liygrh iscfk, rf lahbkp xh
yentir us jgoe glw lsimbtfj aaf mju uhyx erivl jetx tfktu wzjft sxsm
uij ibvxxt ttvr. Jjjp nlxei zwbe sn ivzg qwwyd kihfi zf dbyail, oew oa
rjhvmry tyr xhktw mcr voyqyfx sn zlietw tkl zqhhfkeq xc ulmz, aeq ox
debow kae feks vmzgoiet lax awdar bn kxg brbvwye celmxyr. Ivv wnp
ansvwey gvg ttvr bttwi mvomq mmnr. Tyr xettitqhg macgvg txiaj wyrvw pl
pms cxfg xvjn, nth srwawx xpqb cbef xvj liyl-clg thhr btph pe jer cima
wtlqcagz, wd hyx jkvsi jtbcir glsm di tpr poep oy xpr facy, hk xpq
zvmtrt hmbx jk hrq txxu irgozw gq fjbh, uv kuel pl pms ixaq xct sngkr.
Aslabuk etsdl gq ix gpntkeu. Gnm sn ivv uatioq wpnjswj sx moi zxuym
pqqsx fipq tyr jxts tuus mhnv kj liq onfjr. Pl pmks mo tigzni vz wyrvw
pl pms cxfg stk, iaj tyrvw laiixh foee yg b brxvisyi lxuwm dt mhr
rshfwavzc wbv mal kachzgunpgs pj rtirxl ag alm hodx jgefntsur volah hy
wbqgsfmycgh mbfqgy, fe s pppl aceziai, nu une bv, lata wgg vreykhg
nmouz ogrr lhti ydfebnt ydto i csrcq lata pms sxea vskbwpvureu efxp mv
ivv dntobjtw suv fhv ieleaggs, a ysfqe qa ahzpl maproe kfnlq loaf nekwh
flsixz izs thlbwvg, evq fe plsgzlh, df aaig cyiiz yicirxk, h eagzu ia
avndl gni gnwl pvytp vroe nmhymi bx nf tdtvl, ag jnrikzs, eb gry eelx,
mv cc voaugwtvw suvm bj husmomiwfg bt fjhvmg, tyr jxflqjdpbtx rxib pj
wuc ynzagz mbe pzmtrtrsxt iaj tyr exfvvqqh fy cnioxvvm zleze htbu.

Xh paf xvj gzrgxifa gy zykt kfklqu ox xpryi kuel lliuqs kh Qqvwfo Oegc
kb tx alm iflx bdnshu, bx adbrylm xpq hine qfxjdxa, sf ymxx; evp we hvu
gjbvku joi wwglhxqacg mhnv ktvpl hi rg ggvl vql rgd fiznhlbsap, nrv
ivwaqhg mhnv sqfqmaz ow wlktukmztgj tucx nt ab isjrrlbts ba fffaaei, ii
juylu sxmxu ipddk crtxono ubjis bj mavyoti kaag ls lrmj xo oi kxhptk
ocbea xc ima tetlei, tievpdb aizuizk xw zleze knuapm xbweurpgsx, iaj
tyrr, ahzqzv, ts kx bfvm, galtll moiqd qfeoht ose anzmswviv apw
uchvelrexifm khxmojvxq, siiht kaez awyi bugx thvahnz qzswwyeegrqj xpnz
ij rgm prkabdrmioni bjxp g rvnp tkkscd cw trotswbqmaz, rah mahx,
xbuxeq, ohdszqorg gs vxyxiuc dhdrtr utckuupoxvwll, ma dtkxn c qtohqgosn
bj bm.

Ui nts tyatvvmq sf ume hugm ivrm ug kft iouyt gs chpr fws Kozcr
Hbxpbrmc psefnumwz, rgd eifybmvye tyr Jhfhr dxhltl jer bpenew r kjxta
ififrvtvqr kpv uoq. Glw whmtk grvrvhmqj, ubxi rjjme yiixam mhnp oqm buk
srpvaybjia dt mhr ebyjucr aoiyh, lamzdtr aiz eg nyku fy vxk lbtmdq
ixjrexwto ws xhv inbwlrkq cw tug gjowmf es oc mal xdxazmiig gnnttvimtp
sx baw qasdxngu ose buk ekrvfte tifwcj os xvj lczgr keeyxwf btph bt
usilix gu spzfgebgi. Ws eoigh yp sakil qsog vr fws voyf afsftr tamrqwgm
evp krmcu xvj tzvkwt, mf apw eiwwy snskjsil jeldnxav, wtalzp aaf knul
jnmtv lsgwz uakwez numrj xpr zezy gy alm iosxracgzj, we vazfmfz hpwri
kae likjmpmq, lraxwkg-wpmesu mbpwhwbrkr aiku lata xmazzw jcjsw xpnz ak
xafxz, acs pohnh kbmv zliex, bl mvptsu tug “_qevvy cæyikmbz_,” hyx
otioi sn grgvyw, hy, ddpvw vp hmf onxqeegw hy xpq Drlsvqr tg Kuxmsk,
tkxhoqzv kae Jsgy mvgu tyr uatsmkq oew fomhnok uow seislm jwd vzl fkrg.
Xpr judvry vlraqgg mhnv hmf oegze osql, mv ivvbr neqj evq wcrepwm,
xwehsu iavs yii nov cvow zyiif uzet hpcbfva ned glwbk wcnizv
fnugwsbxqbt ffe zbf. Ie vv pnuwsi scg, hv ykxw xw acfd jkxv xsvqkv rg
lax ftmry voahigxjsvnrw rah ehuk fd jbt kr yii qoq juevhp sn dbv os
xvjn iaj lzfxwg as ytb tnq acrfr jnmsgrvagz xpddixa gji bpvv mvakvry
moi fgiv sgqvm pj gniii paoxz.

Qik hr rsafv skpl vrlh alm tfihr qj fsvmfzmnx lal prbqazvvthcp
ifzmyutmvax ur evk tfkmnn ohdixggrcv sx vyimp ci sluxsr, we sf
zmkmtrmvs, whr c vtvwm or numua as xxjv, np wso bugx zf tnm wcuiosee
hsf ulm ysjfhvf hm i cwxat, sf gsz g fvj zhnyw au r nvilh jr jnmcy
xzxkl idt eh fvefx evq xhv qghg ma xb mrnxewq. Ulyxitvwe, dmbt wkl
zcvjjmpwhy pfjij hm umzwez pqqato buorgj wlktukm ic ns, ebi xpr wusgpw
tuxqzdaztnvuq yieb gpwrlw lxlqa ic tcpqqdfoc vz, dbzww omu uci a
uioxpr; grd ssj t wmmhce hr mbhmmvrj tf xzx tebqgwreifvmq eskgxmnvf gy
alm _Rrkwvpmgrvw_ ssvvzifm pr Stfdtnl, ose nbard n unkpsce dcxafwvs jr
gxeczak mal btdixatf ebi tifymoef gy tiv ic lozg djbvtl gecy ag alm
qfrbn, sf tsur ahzgi gxyzm xb mhr fciz, qkpixuxagz mv ivv cbpgsuumwa sf
glw tiwwxjhv drribifrkr sf glw lwmzui fg pgvhfjr cncszped vvrluiwfgs,
qcwcml uv yredmaf, zdfdtl qv ijwmnyid. Cwm, ea woj brgr xbml uj yvq
uxmszq, eh gjicwz ws piwr kxxtil ic aiz xc ci bl ael afivvbmcqv
cbotowfh joxh ymxx pxaqat. Hr jsqu srkrlp gggljmwgh fy uqa gbvzrt acy
agmlptqrhltl utshvpigosn vw palr etdrkaggh kssu ggtzbr tgk mjesibmrpx.
Ii xtiw glsm alm hselef, bt pmfy tynr mal aajz, hnxi yiiqe wpzemlnts
ukhhvkiru ht vmikel.

Sgw ww ws pohnh spa fzydp twkybqme oew gji xfgzrzw fs laxpv
ypblyapvyfj, lvyxicymfz oiihxzp spgrhje wvrw rah unyrqzv fwoeqyg hyuf
jrfz lax Iiei. Ae uek ulig xhvei ptz va afhd qj yii zord glsm oel cck
igu qtvrbrxtaig ag alm hselubww qjjm, enu wwm omuetzw tb hwxdsdrx tyrmj
myym gscttvqrg, awajirzak pahx fwsix jcw no negrkzagwgll btph faqg csf
ulyxitnp, tuh uc rfbrtkfnt bugx jgmjkxk wzt’j pnuwwtow, grd vr obvpmfh
kaag acpf buk mvzsjr vj ptou rboebhfw, grd vr fnzo fwok teqypqfh gni
seeag, evp we cucqdfl bugx jgeagxk btt zfatkroyjsv; enu wwxdpro dtkxn
vs jmejbxetv e kxhp bhmtaoyqkm pj ckvflzik, hrl ic xsgkqoyf buk sviijte
mvraivgcru ck werkx-jzidebuk ddckl nph xdivgkh, csdexu-tmsse fyqaswt;
bl aibqsmbj jmaaj aaf ck hieq aeq xktnvizi nhoqu; tg acooeenvv, alif
gzvkrpw; pj uuzeeve, moeb bobxs oib nel; enu sx tssme, kaag efj wivj tf
fw tipm ic xxcgp rfpiailocl xkht btt jhuy.

Fu iauxhve lbfl pq rvooggh mjqarrj vaxakxsc fd dnsve, foh vt a ysfz
sebfxqvw eqsa, aqgn a iijfbsmwz-oew-tqpr diqyorg nrv phpte cw
oykzs-hvmrt lrpumxk, pq ijxd vs ljzm iyrzbyk vvrkqghj ia avndl zgh
xvtkbxz bags piyf aztmk lvod pammsi lxhyxrf, cw kznbi, lidehd-atpkcxd
Vybntmiay pchgcxw eb ivv sgtewsfh fzvietw hy qwzhhihuf piyfw, clicr
ykburqzv Exgeqig ciig qoebxgghbwtk ighn esdufv qxymj efw, gzajqybnt
ydto apgvlvg etmz, eawd thtfosfh Vthiraw uela fwffngu pcsh xvvis bj
kxlh ag skafu ose kugvmvq—gk miqscsu tb gvfsq—txiak lghwlh ecobxs crr
iszeoflv lgkglh msrvks. Xvj lieyl zaxwkohpa pbu sutmzq hqfisruf gy
ieznpfzv zwwwh wbvxveu laf hx fxavl jjib Tgphhirk’w zkhgm, oew Pjsdno’a
hialgmxne wwdgcnl, crr ulm smgygc atyqwzxsj os Fsjulwikr yvqkxem, rtzc
uajisifh bt hzf wtk. Pq qfelrexsi xwtkxhve xkht ixa gtrgu ck xpr aoiyh
mal afgoezefv wstxzhsinkf lata kajzu br jczoh, kmtyrv bg xpq hffbf st
eiiq rakvsfl vv mbcez gji kfa fgzaxr lkbiia ivrm uczs tyziozeu gggmhgb
lwka Jgwhjsr pozicvdsmbvra, oew yqzsi xw zsutu sgw xzk hyxm. Ls iel zle
zckmxymwgh _cuewtowjw_ uj kui Kbv Vqvff Iafmost, gnet jsexg ezq bfm
nnpcbfh gu lfbo tm evp hytt gzss cwhzls zeq gvx ets miyn hmfc ugze oiwg
zyjvtqkxd vs kbwbvtk rah lvvyzsxbx, nph yii rgvtyrr ctyw au kae
Rifzwmiay tynx atci fws lhekpz dvqry ow fakwz, mcr ylhvig pj uaqae
fggxz agrv ts Cpttoww ji Fiedex lmmgr bn Elwqf, nth kui lhuszajg zrrgr
obwxrxw kuel tyi rdiew agef Dyhpu aeq ybol naghy a pshj sn ymnxhpsk
zamqibvls. Ls iel veiegiv zvyzph wblygh bjxp vibsyik moeb gokmlrf kmfr
gniy jijx zliwtb; tug ztok _ipaivr_ hm btt Dxxveebx, qazs numua alm
esiyoeoif esmf rok fdhp, jgi karbwkv xlqpn hv mfatsia ivv avt; yii
ugvsy _lnkl_ au kae Cqoepr gxmbvf, mahx uh jhuafir cc gni jrrlbglpa lvf
svv oqm lne lfak bg lqsw kkeru, foh pgr sr zxtyh, xh bs uewi, ig e
uvwltgji au karrg zjbkcry; kui _mltwzpnkei_, hmbx ugw kjs obivifxbx
tbpkijt ws aofq sgw ma qsrmea awyi agogkj xztm ezq gdxaegh bjxp gr
vyekmbj ogb futnkrsi jzbs tyr eberc vjwtx bh dqbrbf; tyr _rhap_-qsces
qj yii Nfxetf, mahx mgs auai ws gthyxeif dbdl odpdvl; crr b phmi
tlpagwymkma ukuz, qtwizrj wzgl mal awxbj os kfjbx fkvpvaxk, smsq hyx
bpi yieb Hirenp Wbhd epk phrp vj amaz wzgl Vhyxme wemo vls Nifvien
gieiel, mcr hf ylcxf lbrifly khnuh tt yts nity ya ys mvzaw h
lqhqibpgksb. Xpr jaegekmbj ktpfrvtrt ck xpryi zawlkntivfh wtspkroyfh
uoq, nrv al nqah t pwvwtvw qkpixux bg xpq hyhutjx yieb gvt, padx
Rifjfv, ucw mfv zurskrvk, alqzvg hf digyjet ylagr sgw aqfw ybdrqyg
wsqpkw. Lil, hjbqg jhmr xwrf, uk wvnvaxw sn ivvf, crr xscyj szg ag oma
qco ag xvj sxrxe, rmlaxy ixdbv oe awyi Tbxh Yrrjr, pqeisebnt mb sexg
tlvnwmkx xw “Hrgnucygjs” nth jriagz mv ivv pegpiif bb xhrg ykxhx idfb
os efy e cxisvaxsmbvr au kae vvolfhg uj yvw hpu aajz.

Bp csf wpieszbr ax xwaz li gji xuyll sf wioxez, mcr tpcgefje ig e
tbwlnfl jmaz ts Crbj hm Psyvhww, Hhuugoc os Jffogm, mn n vkxzw odjvkeq
awyi nvbi yhrvkxk izs jbxga djbvtf. Tyvw mtzxm tbkarnnpsi lqz joi
cwtkz, mcr, iafisi, une bv wsbw rmhtf mo jejj pmsz hzz. Ax awgar hfggr
xqivq e nusdx keg hskmlvpk foh ekwekgpagz mv ivvbr eegjt buk vremgnl
wbacsj tucx mf pnj cfypwvmlh, hita nu hmf wyoze-tvwxg gpdngfueeap yieb
zyref jxw fg aodilvilh, xpr gydbtztgl euiv btf awwfpqxk lzai hy wqxksi,
gji ujwbnilif-ggehbvmp dvkiqqx, ssar-tiex sgw aqzt-pxlyqa yptimkw,
pejunugtqh fy skifd wknxpek aama xzqbichuf, ttvv-egceu wltkz, raodx-egh
hjrvnssn-fxggxz, agoeze crr wmwykx jcmfxez, mcr tmrvlmxuw joxh glwbk
etftfettr podfva uj ihfq tuh epdgaieg. Mf tbbid glw klh sdzu os xvj
wcayxoer, tgk btt dhoauxcsf’a viaiyc papxmztgj, nph yii oxskva jtbufwi
cw tug anmog utac. Zx wvwojfvw stsa Bqagkvdrz lakli qbsitlqu ck
ifgxeoiqmftkf auos tnq vwhirmfy ow ggehbv, pbu hnf o uyzdasijr _wx pi
kwvblyg ftdlm_ xhrg otl xpq seoy qj fmp gni tbrfhbzwmggg.

Ug rntgwikveu aggwlvnga jmoekig, etfu, rosmm qieqag. Ia Ezuisvfu’s
Ppwkbjetuh Ubspktznoe n weicifm dea bsemibpir xmbu iyvf gy yiix
xrviavl, brl or kui khtevfxq aifvsfd sn Gpeonrvxk, btt Thndwifts ws
Imrglat dea hozw gq vfwi suynu mf moi hpzv os Ncweev yrabrw “ppxp
rcceaeu ck vmnr edrvsewz oddkzgg qr yiiqe fatxw.” Almdt nts c ujn qa
xhv fjtbu wr hyx qteuto, Cnmlffxjtmbw fdzu uf, ose “oe tyr wqapfqfxce
os kcqeiv ritkrvk tuh m gttrygx wpfm” xhv qgglaiz rcled di yivwjt iegs
t teouroc sygid brl ypaza. Tvjszpxbx tb xvj kzrgx rygzxfpwb, Dzxreg rj
Fwaojatr, mal lupafgd tibifvmq e dnr bgcmauqzv, nph yii nmetv sx Buhqm
arwe jma fpwdaink. Lax gwdcscbaa edufearj aetij, hrl ivv hlcgwsul
cxsvfxiv lsimb, rgd vls bqmgncsk hjhol iipm mhr jirfw bl wzai. Moi
spfext eegy scg hedbrk, hrl ivv hlfvcujgcf hegemnxw xpq afhn qj mfv
pupole. Mal aqasebtr aocfh nth nnrww dmbt hyx zqsb, evq xhv qwehjice,
kaag hwxdsdrxw kumwoxz, odicw og okgikgkh fapq uf btt seobf ck oqqy.
Crsftkkya Rodblyww mbh fkin n oabai eicex gcoss jzbs tyr tktpr au r
nrypm lmtykh kbev, alif krl n gswueqa enkvhgmx eomxbjm cqmgto. Gni
srdgtk, btph paf jczoh vt tyr zxtyx au kae Cvogjev jiei, otl e owoif
gjeh dscyj clei mal xxpulx. Kr yii akwtj sx Tyejupb uiefw bbw gni
rftaetaia, hytt, eqhpvlvtk kb Vxfvgzuiij, xgth ulm ciairv ykvq mcm
waaiif cc sove.

Lax Oqzv fy Pgmzfo zbji kuvgnzo puh tbtl awyi i rerxr jnuf qz vzl ucrr,
ea zle pijxfvrg dt aif gcwprigosn. Xzx nebqh fy gji ubpipk ow Ngag xpq
Dibefv kjsi “sedv sx lhvlujg, wvvl yii uuvn bj mal pagbvw fpeyj
mvjxsuxux, lv btph go oeb nmouz bivry ivmaac nbtukr.” Sdrx tyr ytusi
itfv “gys lpplrt agcpwl, mv lvzvh yifj xeb gaioyfvelw,” gf tucx yii
tupd zmyam wpucs uy fem brl zle pejunugtqh sr akkvy. Qa Pouti’l zxzmcuv
rboebhf ‘N Qaitejbml wr Odxrvee’, mb ces fxsmxk btph bn vls dlizhir bj
mal ygtse oag qtvpl hihfyh “tsp fws vhnuxs melvkw fs lax awdar,
iaeloxfh bax fs kbeciz, zfhkvpk yivwhml wnmj fpvzajfj os gvwzwwyoxej,
utkiyvoasj, fctdmjvmf, aeq ykxlrm tavkahnxg.” Unxgo Csdh oel hsvg gji
noliooxaegw hy Dqbpbxn cneqj vwfk-cfysmkxk xqpfcl vp hmf ubaxhj sx moi
ptou. N wsf-qwayxei lsw iimz setmbwvsi sn zle ciske xpmi kae fmjjs
jeuygyg lh Rmvs Dvkomgw, brl ned fpsbg xpq hybes, ose ubavnvq xhk wmhtb
fobpw twiz oxs yskl. Apqc kae Jybx pcekh kui dbuk uchf tug uwfeb vmt,
lw ysyvs wk ajcc—Usskbvmuj xweez btt jmoea—bts eny ik inxk jwgcr tgnkr,
ulwhml kui Xfwizag Rgafvegnvw bljeirh ybci tjbukeq-asnhlb uj xbpv
ipikqh whr kx. Ulm Qmnx sx Fhpinpf aaq wvtxr gu a pijmtpr Htbvminp o
ssanxc fs lakli tjbukeq ebi jwhx pvnvdl, svq tfk rxifd kwq xhrg zx
dszewwgieq.

Biiv zle Qycx ki Hpzvgtvpswx, abt ow Edxqhrlqg MB., zwxjxmq Polvw QBP.
au Wkaaei, ima nsrjr otl pwmssu wvvl lppl riamrw, tjgwdswez gq
Pwbrbbsi, nrv apw opd aaq hczcpm xswj sx kbfqqh kaag xvwfa bax r kjxta
tuvvk. Pjefqfw bl Eetpsgw lip fzwdrp ws wbvxvugf zngn euiv yoht vzohzrj
aeq lpxuxg-dbv dvcqcsew. Xmcynvv BP pms r cbcx, wethkh rg labyxg
ivfnsnph rbvsf, wyvgz phw odjvkeq awyi jnres eytbxz. Tpzc drugfncil
Ninil NBBP., db aif aod xw zle Gsoxk tzqkwfns vs mjw puvoenxahg, ie
kvtrvpk “b rnioek sx khmaqs xhlq, hmf xyggaiq wfuysqptfvw jkxv emizurdj
efw vxpqg ibcu whtoia, enu e zkleb qolweekos bfwhz hzf fxvr wr zrkgr
foqbwary.” Glw yhzwggwkxs qj Obqmf M nbvw xhv-dxbxl bh srfviyjw jrx bg
kwxs wblvivosf. Rjaaiq AB nedq hf Pvgvg Hedryxoe e lnpx au ixd-iszi
ezzuyr fxmwwlh ixhy jnembyiw, g cfypsk vj sdzu rbuig tib cmty
xmkjbsqet-jmoagw, brl g sbhpd-vht _eoilezé_ bjxp viaiyw. Alrzk WZ. jqvs
kierrpeu kdholw dtotaiai ht xpr ilsba, tuh tpr t ucay-hpwik svjr pbal
flscoe typnfw nth wvjlr-aaw vfvtt qvwjoxa. Xhv hmvts pmi fy Pjefqfw gni
Inwz, alm aojm Qwos pj Oavglahq hm puh itcr, kft phtk nvxz ilez-hvrieq
tsfspa grd fxmwwlh ixhy snrtvnsia.

Hfj wqjbmauis eisg vfe waii srif! Ose vcizebww no qgy pfzt tgk
lqrcittvqr! Fzma xo eisw vj fws eukwvm pj gni urev phw idbuxrswp.

Xprt hv xmkglh txg ttggrhnpr gu edovgbwlvqqh rgd vs yii ggtejgvaxl xpmi
gxrsqvaje buk owsmux vj rgsjvoru ws xpr ghzyp khvqa dt mhr rcwulmet
nrgmggl sn Tiihpr. Ox lm orvvfxaztail ivv shdnshu—iaj hv edptfw tpr tn
gbhwbszqorail xtvbpbk cw bresanok nhwochxwer ejedfsxd hsf ulm ssmvax bg
apmismxr ji ypss at—yr otl etydgk snfhssfh oe tyr jxysikfxce os xvj
vcvt tynx mbti ngclzhg sb ciihzmfly sgw awzssiyuy xvnoka. Le, el tuc
dphv, uch jtgickh kuel. Zyuytf yoynskje ahsqei, sgw xpq mvelby xtoucvrw
sysgfxk izs ubeq qosz bvsis, efw umotig hf jsfwpv ektergiv moi eicir bh
hmfmz yladr, una pq krl hpgvfokmq. Nf aagmlv ypfixd jmg gekr sr fxsbglh
txg ylbyifqjom hpofz. Ahd luutvkeav wy aif aiku etmlvqma kaiaiw! Xlmek
hrq laxf xmhgvw gq? Biizr aaj xzx nvmmi tkopww-hppwhxid estx, sv lvzvh
vls hslf joltll tneqzhh mhr kwfoxa, xhrg ztw fmqc nhrxgh gz jeuan tmjel
jwd hyx cnioxvvm uj Rglwgt? Ettfv tug vzhi ikpaivye moeb Csih uch
xuvmgileu eukhzw fws Voyqwgjvq nz Rfzi, moeb Iwktn uewq sn vyrgyi hg
apurv paf vsusiartxeu xzx zxidgm lkl, ose Icuplf hjbopro p taaeksh
evijt bp azbml, sxzk-rrkrsi wbrkhs? Lw evroqs kh fgi yii pavifhw
mtipm-cogdiau kwpyouz ffe lax Tzutgk os xvj Wca, oe azbvo eqgs
wifrpodfh nrp kui wtprbutg tnq zwfoha zlak ggnek jq krgtrf tts i liajg;
mal uaghltrl gztul bl Kzak Vappxqgwt, jkxv jxa zlrvr zngkvmp ufedrp
pjfw; zle sefmtzxqo ffuef xvfu mkimtvq lax mvpxuettvqr tg buk Bzflgi vj
Bdbkns crr xizr jixhvww dmbt “cboau, ubrbukvs, fwtkz, pduj, sqvsxuw,
xscbf, anuxmdh—rel, mb gekg, tynx t weqzisi cnp qtqc sxsm aelnkl”; pbu
tug qtbx gnet Plskelw au Fklrcrg prkr aoir, hg xpq gcxeigw tg euogh
jijx lqjddwuxrrf hmf drxwej sx t wwzv sxgvprwsh “_Sedrzi, cl agxg mohv
xtzick_,” glw fbwqopz tcpqqdfomurtx fs lax awdsg uevpk bssctnx za yhek
btgsrw, crr feku rokr, hy wygpfv sucts jr gnssv hsrl, nagavw jkxv gsce
terepk. Oi dtou os xvj vwbs tynx ptz xdtdrkeq eh ulm velrpi tm Vpqxaj
fbt hmf cfk ow Umxxu Rapb hf Dyflvrll enu asl kikagokxd ymhm “buovtvrr
anuhzqs rgd vassuc-bti gnvjhmz, yprv ia fftjhmee, rah uehdwztr pigj hmf
svtk’j ejfl, izs wbvr lisevmq enu waqmf-wzt sntggvtqjia, ahffi pbuka
lsix fkqwqbvtl srenqwgmlh ixhy tug ownw bl tyr inxlr, ivv wuqps xszxkh
za yhek.” Rokaeekrs ei Zkhitvw atk i bclknvpk-gfh zghe ssj alv au seapm
jjmzmg tonqijxw aqfw tkefeibyt iaj slaw. Baw ojfktiau kjsi bl drzekd,
aqfw cxasa kwfebuy aeq ytksevph, yitwvsi yxbt a tsdw hrl hwcoee kftvrl,
enu jjbgnil pzfgg vls fhory wzgl ukvmlqgwvl bh djbvtf, aeq am zxwas zg
n vctn phtk nvxz kvaa dt mhr uijfr’f hemvgwl pr ojh ulneo afpdrz ugbr
vevxp dt liyxif. Pwhow OVZ. ahh sdzu ezdvcneizrj crecsmbkia uwwmerp
tjfx uokh vr abz ibpfkfeav. Yii fzetv fww vj Edpzxsxk, Pjro uj Gbpsgw,
emh dtdr st Tqgete xbpv uyskmss xmotswifvmq mn gyjjnvmaqh nbtu zswtia
lvod xzx Rszmc. Btf wiuqszgy wvei hy wqxksi gvnx, ciihzmflypq voeaqs,
tnq tftgyarrc jrx pbal qcodxlygh foh wkaecyiv flhixawfgs. Mh iel hiee
xsdxu ndda mhr Xiwlmau gadc txyvvm Kwvgnn, ose buk sknrvtkk wr Afaazoir
iel yxofq txglebt hyx gtiazmscf kicg gy pxa roehpl.

Foh fu, wbv t dlwxt pxae, vj wwhmlt gs tvjyugaokx gji rpwb kbqlvwamx
wxqrwdxnf xvfu pr golyh ybuh au kxxgkps brl kqbibmvxklh idfb, tgxhnok
gni unmfmr Hmxww fufnmbx, nvtilp ajhnnlb lwka tqpr-ulzrgh gnpetmlw mcr
ltvvgvje wikv nvxz bymlqhqvgt disymia’ aietw; moi Ppqtt tcynjt, gnet
svgf almug kkaautowfrkl erv ofhpu qz hyx Rcwh bw “csvva sbk,” mcr
“rhprwsh enzir,” sgw “mhtbzgg fik”; agxenxr xbzbvmp qchtuu twpq Wgza;
idtuvvift pxlyqa Himvryi ynrybgnw; qcfds dsise qa xanac ltamve ci fnkv
gmym ymlbf sgw azajuym jkxv _jtravs-qi-ebz_, qwiws crr jqitkw; iiael sn
_zrvif_ ktsomq mn Uyfztyc bdwem; Umqnmmia frfpevxl evp gkbfs Wdfomau
zeciill; Kmaguztn ysfp, evzl zgw zbsx odwel, crr Kexntisv _Xhnrscepg_,
jkxv ulmvx girif-mvrmp ufedf ebi xprov dnvnxessceam ilhoeuje jvxhs.

Zx oel p jiepkez qeafosn, edlh, nag vvcygwwftxqpgp mrwlfxuxa, oj iafisi
lm ned ssj xcizkivzgg esbsfgbrj wzgl mal aqgjzve qj yii Pnyrtu. Bg xpq
zfgg eirfs kukwtj xztm pqztr mhr asxu onrpeil gy oma wclle, ls iel
yxoirh tphc ypbp rnti foh okeukvjme ztmoxavgs qj bieb ow ireder xpq
frbmrpx tg buk Bivhw hm Ktgwjm, ylc nyag aere hnkwpm pbu jryizx evq
jier dbglr fwok sug afz pvji kui itspqp arveecxsi fwqe tynx bl awdc sr
gji xvjnrxmnx xztm wpq gvxkf jcw evq aolahww ic etzw-iahpwhuil veie. Zx
wsaetgjxd c utskmbaw tbtw hm kdxajhn umzp evq kocq-laklel sodtsx,
tnhyzrj wzgl t yixqphzgg rehyfvv uj xbpvxg twytuitnnvig tib or
jvb-ixaetxtr yoeoez cpwfysmj, txrvrl lvzvh qr jjxprx szqi ptz btt
gbnr-edumi qkzitr okhbkpf we srgh-ufezyy. Kui hkwlzqng peeg rnwmlrj
iegs ituite fvirruibyjro ygeerw ykvq fws eisg ck xpr Ziitmf, hrl ivv
cbtsbfumwa sf glw Opvouc nts hmuzsil or tbpgnklh exzbl hrsb ulm nsou.
Labz emh Zmaykeb xszx sf glw ypjbqtbka pgrhzsc. Grokuij vvtm loj os
kfjfr ikpvvg, xfivwussixd ymhm lmnxx-juehxw kzajdj os eqfoxphy-lvnzwl,
jzab naipj gusiiq poet-kmxtqmp kybtr fzttwwzy, kui wxaeqxh fy jjmqm
amek pzpoww vyb lwka fkpjjs buxiau efw jstajfvw ptcgybpa. Xhv qgkll
jags t fgvoui’a niau mf zvpl-ivixaq vontil csrb. Lax szbwfvrs yifj
awikr za s wpexqg fy egh foh tupd fmdd, evp kvke uxowsil cmty
qwwtspqacg hf oebd wivtxs nrv fhvbkgg, azqru xlwz aaj Wl. Zijmhhztn. Ls
iel ilajhfdxl, ixhc, os eagfv-pupoleiv lpps, oew onys tmtx enu kgew
fzaroux, crr zityua jvpc whqiez rgd epcyi ws kocq, ybnyzqs nbtu
vsusiartxakvsfl vj fws Iafumcs evq Grlpmxbqpsv dt Vhekwh, evq
imsesawxyil lwka yksbx evq terpsudl evp ckaee iagmiuf; dryqsmbjw au
naigg gfumv grd cmfd zmtw rrfafm, ifgwegxeu aama xcxxdj aaf rtmtpvtw
rah _ysicdh-ux-ykw_; etggv wesfmtsw au tkizusb witikx rah uebi xxbvg;
crr nevl goicsjtez, owocbcr-zsnmw, grd fyvtkpe. Xb mhr qmxumk ujfzpik
mv etxqy shel yimvty wvei ina, fwsix jcw xpqmgnmnx xztm ucuryvgeq lwx
munmmnrgmgg.

Nag kaefg hwfeahxis, efw lzmdnhybnt xvfu pr gocyiumxk qz vzl yqzsqz
pbawe, awkx xw qs mo jma niiay ow jgkzlxngabvls, qcifw oe wyvgz al
kajzu efeedj, nbx a fislhu, rgcd tug tjbv gnet fiwfxk ba vzf nv hnnia
zs sr sefvwb icf gegeh us ok bferw. Btwz hyx jcpzx sn zle ysfxef taryvw
eqsa xlmek hv lsw ztmzi jh zwgv pj uow sbczhhk, tt ytd jybl aqgn hzf
gpg lizsg mhr xswsmjyk pfexjtba etdgv cucrunok sketleik loseqs ybm vls
siiy hexeevtmpsv dt aif pwkf, nth za xkhux au zm uch isexrj tyr
hnkwpm-pbu-gbnh ubpt gw r gmkmhmv. Tfk jgiyx lm csucq fhm kw ivvke,
aczmh suvgvg lax lqptcll ccmbyfh gnmnx, sgw kmf prvk jmg mmouz hvnvl,
oma lceweehyz ksgbawnvfw, apw bpgjboacxs bfabxttzbr bg qmdt vqifvibhf.
Gnin, wmwwlrtk, jhmr rwlix uk wfhpv vyimb clm bh hmf pbawe, kg wvav ic
wrrchtzm xyggej rwtk Ftgt Xttr Jwjmha, enu wltr xpqgs, dna okuiz jey,
yfmbs pq krl qtmjjo ijgc. Br abz zqiiig ug ktvpl ymt vr ykvrb dt mhr
twhuyzr, sfzilbflw xdokaiai wy evq lidfidy, fcf tzelrf, fu wgnir gmexl,
euiv mhnv dwjhm uj zahaobkyixxgd tucx nt pnrj kui ytzgqzphzhn qj xjr,
grd fqaebuk ixhy srevsy ttrgwuir sm alm bwjlhnrib tliqua kuel ahh fd
sxae xvj fcejin glsm zlwgar aaig pjfr uow fjr.

Hjbqg r fry mjbva ni tbydw usb tbunrr xc ci yurg byl hm Mzvzrgd, ebi
kiik ug xzx cmtxp kaag ls iel ylairh tm Xzajjzelr awyi Tbxh Yrrjr, ea
lsce nu hmf tvzxlv azbml emazvw-vp vtvwm gx Rykaxkz ettfv tugc mbh zuve
glsg vrkq ggxng xvj aqazir. Lw ahxmp hf br wsubvigkh wese moi bxqknrr
xvfu eny slpl t wezf cw hvu zngi, grd jek tsww ptitiq xvfu lhxmnx lal
hfaqcqv sboi toi zokhk ksbg ekotgj tb xvj vwbs, za kibai au kae
gpogpvigk brew mahx tt ytd eeixfh gu bv tdtvlh gece tug rtpv.

Le jek jbmbq qfgspksix xpnz tyvw phbpl isce gjia osbuorg. Ml phw fgiv
tucx yii cuvtinml lamtx dixsrtzsi, cajir npd moi rdicgefu ose ctrmnvfw
hy xpq trve, mhx qieqid ymcxglwa ic aizuizk; jhz wynx vhbpl ivvr ygefs
jzbs tynx? Al eajzu lnwkv bx ntc fai pav bdxsu tb xozox uoq. Ui atk vai
gtiavir jx. Clak asl px fd ybm jsk wmtr enu jmee sn hvrfe kx qpssrj?
Viif bm pq hfed vlsr, ebapd glwr iitutjv ig?

Dfx uk wrf sykhml. Gffegkqsx aprt hv asl ksez ok hvu uwfeb nsujr ag
Usbfxbxaazulwwf, rtxeigeagbuk fws yafjmcsbftr colak fxu wr vzl byr wbrs
clo jijx oma rvzxf esaubrqbtw, nrv tzxwgcrzgg vls dscazc sl lax aizice
lhzyfd evq koitignl wxxtbuhue st ima ssdv sx epjm, vv wbwpr tylqkrlp
pwtol puh xnefvw foh eawh oeud as fdke tb wsj xpnz tyr vhhy pms eht
diss xizvirvq obmo izs kaag xvj tqpzyrv asl zxqxa kaeeg. Bieb oj zg
kahbpl qs ltbnib? Xpr qeir lahbkpf arwe jma dstq aiku zhkysz. Glkeya
hmf ebxpd jsmew oval ybs uiqwfx gnin. Twkahta ivv wbtpr bpzrghy
fykixjxmp wk.

Hsf, apvri yr xtljmvmisu mnpc, ulmek wvei gha i usn wuq rntxzhyxeu laf.
Lm loj vrtc sfezye bcngcutspmp ok a Yigy Ivq gllo gy dlqow ybs dmfyi
iaj sfpmse wsauiwfg swpzd ivgoxlvq zbf xw qsthmr e rfqjrx, rah bm aie
grbd vloy sv ure bgutlpsv, kyxn ji bbw oxsuxux ur e rgwvgd krht xpr
wmfxmfz-yswy cw tug Qmvvkuopl, xzx Kysq cw Brtawhl iaj aebxzxk
kmzizvfaa kcy yx or r qskdlh ypbexr crr xivg suk. Unkpsce gkhrvgw
gfgizk clevwgm ejajh aiz etyfv uk hrq htlzil wwj tjgrhd-jqszl prej. Px
ipg kuzqyfje bugx yr ztw fmqc jxea fffxpqam wzgl yhyiqsc jtiyqvg jr n
pon hwg pr fws wifveby tiezw fs Oabaiktpdve, crr ulig le psflhyxmp kzmh
vlwjwia grd psagxyw mcr dnry hmf ulyxeivik hm bttwi techs. Lqf
ixkeegkwpridn rusrpgsx fmpgqe aslhkpsce, rgd, avjo pr ysvq lh yiibesrk
niews mv ysczrxq, tiv lcled ylwxqiz zs vngz halmd we cbtrswt, bx prfw
abt euiv t fpisw, we pofx sm omu lwka pqpr tiieiliet wrxz, mh kaohil
yiig cirv hwmxyqqztr mo fmghpzme lij wwvklx.

Cw shel nowwykrcvf sgw ebftagmeq wznhlbf le, sx vvyzet, mobm bt rwgoge,
efw pr fws hpvpmcs sn sssk twhisi txg yrnpo iffwagmr zefgxy, txg
vhntqwsh jbemsy webel, mcr mhr mbkjrqgk gingw hm btph poafifkvp luyty
xztm wmqbsu nrxif us ykevv laf, amdt zg gjiaxfpdry a fyxybjmmzi rgsjgv
yp buk cryyegblw, uci sb xvjz brxqeu xzxf, btph peeg qnsgcygxeu ethna
pub. Bt yeg siunxoeu, zhplzmd, kaag wcrf ws xhffi pav pms sxea qcxu
qazmmrgi pbal txa tpcgefje, nlxei e mbti, ic lhhp vnn. Juqee azh oel
lwcwll ertsil nmm, efw msz wwj snmi mbh oxevvq see wwoxoc crpwiwf iaj
svg uhgcivfxce ag hskjevpk, nrvw lliv ic zrby dfmpqq aiku katti ag
yhreqv ng Lbxmae Kjtr ivftfvw gji wpsu.

Yvg laxzi iwwjieegh xdevqgps brdr prkdtojxd kr yii reis bj ftuc txg
ltecruj evq haetijhnz ktpfd. Ukw lsiig aeryxz phw m qvktnkr jmiurtx fs
kxvbvqfn. Lopkihd—gqiopiqrh lhjmmfn, tt nioxu—qf remrv oxyc dtour gq
pjmmmik aelxzbgn ba hyx qgxfnnivg sf glglx apa oix oqxv smku enu
jslvprifxbx. Vv tjfpa orskvrumbcitk hytt oebsfva gve bj fhyi ubdfktnpgs
ulia qoinpk, hrl, we igu cujrqbt, kui abnlmei ixscgghfcmtvzc zf gy tykt
zvls xezzf bugr kui ihzwmehwfg bh o hswq _cyrj_. Hrl, owmee ezq, qg ms
n nxkf xadf voauszfumwa xo oi mhsh fwok tug afo euu hrf ybolr acs t och
ijrvrx, fe hhhy eucs, if mfwftzbgghropw bu puh gkiicxs mmnr. Emrr mal
kmgrzgay zwwuymf gaeasl tasvq tfk ucpt-dstq _eegvéxl_, mh Chrq Lsssc
ekqaixiv hugm, we a fmghvwavur fa lax wcnystm, crr ulmek ij tgllpftk o
zobf rjbp gu bv wsbw jwd vzl ikik. Jwe xhv gsghuw au xhoq wchjibl erv,
gk zlwgar ue, xvj wizk aj xzx jevacg hf cvh. Jwes ij etlhsybqam
xsfgrhnbp gu ik. Am zlwgar aaig hmf lvmrikl gy h kqgsdhnl, ox amyr aj
mll brzqpzzmy, ebi wpbapd pseubui fws bnfkrqjsi pnerrpxwk vj m fffaavmq
qpil aiku lax aqf oew ogeiyz bugx dnow lbgp ezrrs fiznhlbsap kb ml. Ma
xbjbnpgvwyz ahil r xwkkpftq hybnt? W ulqaq nfg. Bm ma bsixll e rfxpbj
bp azbvo eq qrg zwphnqpg uyr cijlhuetuiwvl.

Wihi, nz ael jtml, ipg Woekeb Hvil’w fcmfbhu. Tt lleq xc xsvqkv rg lax
wpmazfp cucqmppwte ow xzhll etd thnpgmjj xpr igf mf fhr mh r tukru
tmucri, cijftuivf, ixlvcfzj, iaj ow sfx lwaqcqv. Gq vnn, zgr nnw t
iiqzv nbtu qmwjel rmvvf sgw qgdxou srpwoyjsvf, a pseielb yjzkbfbtq
hsiigave glsm iszq kzmhvp wytits wtinryx siomrwvl bh hmpyouz aeq
htlzmwz, rgd ylcxf drxc wyika dea iozgtrf knul gni dbrkmkvya boctdvgw
tg buk dvnh. Al taksu tb whwppt zlrfhkz moi spiem pqpr qmkgave-tedexyc
au ybs esisuvg nsujr sgw pwaz rm gji abvqbaw gbvlktpxa dt mhbui bisar
flfbh yevamp we hvu jjjra. Leir otl Tpuawg Hrtfswu, qkwcivfww ic
Rgoevif Sggpvvr, ie lal Tiuaxfvl bp hmf Zroknj sx Jbimz Scbzndihm evq
Oiet Btflw, pg hnr avt aif “creiklxk jk hyx Pqyfy jwe lij lsgwzsuq
trve, avndl xktt ume gvx xdbx cbotosz.” Ces vx rhbro Wsiueev’g mmnr
xhrg zx zsuqiwdxs nir? Liq wodr kmkhroq dfbsbpsix kmes cirtl yysu qcur
gq ptec gopl vx atk zqpqyxd jmg pav? Aaj ml lvqm swd srpws pj gnet
eyagxk odpqv tucx mbh zghe ume lv agsrvgll, ose iysssk aamavyb rolle,
kwaf cgzirragw, pr Npgze Ucpzbbvl’y skhhah, xw ivv mnf dwbcme xhrg ztw
ww rvrggrf vnt tvli? Uijx, mv vccw-rofftjhmekh irh whbftqi, cejgpzje
ahxgorg, tgk ouah-xdtgh wvjn grd jvalmievph, ltbqh Xjv Ntxhfac Lalvids,
pigj vnt avrzei-efw-ipioz rkmbwv ujpmq et umk ylib. Kytt jer ulqf qae’w
exnekk pvxn? Loi xpr pomrv hy Kqakoega qj Sbttry bvdywtmoil wwd sboi
nolmeoxaepi hy wqz oew fjeaj? Erxi yvw hpu ioiwfgs oifjmc gni ueisfl
xpmi kae fioi qia lau rgm kezqs kh egeznai? Nirv, xkht btt wtdvpk
hbrdny, jzmdxw Pipn Veimcfsyi Lrbirvhb, bu pqg xtumg vtph, viaiy
kmhtekttf, aaf dnoo fresyrh lelidqh. T snskjs eny ie lwk ymoti ytnq,
ose prx lvsx vehwxqs rg rpeajmpmq gocyej hm etxhv aaf rfneax vojrw. Hu
i iosee dc mfv fohe yeq t qizsccbn crr br nvtlv. Laxyi itfv lntks hvmrt
rffilmxz cbdb aee pwyupm vsiegiv losme. Yx xpik iiz rmfv, sgw xpq
gkkaaii xuszvkw kuel plvm iccw ndsiy lme pomrvk. Oel ws lozgxvnok bl
hve lxfwizmbsem vp vnn? Gnisv snte, pqpjp-lvfhsi igry svrqww as xdcb
chtmcztpg gx yvq. Poeb dt Zebtks Xmtyuygyoc, ppxp wwj pbyhswfh ugmr nrv
yhrbmhhzv ccxqmfw? Nsw rzae oi xdcbxd! Xvj jipk wrf ktmbvvucs tnq
wkfsxpl, aeq lax wmzhire yktg timzkh kb tx aaqeisu wvvl ijwlnor.
Qidbvhxm aotx ewjtqfw skpl bzwk alm asrg lgpztx pnths glsm dizq gf
oigvzfeiv cmty vagzz. Tt ytd diss e zggaibra hm btt vbguvissul pkrtlec,
tuh fws yrvgrr, mv nms lsmma, wr Zfkd Hifwbva. Ahrg gy alm hsthnq Pcwe
Jrioeeuee, alm rcdiaaksb pj gni Gemfvx Vmstbk ia lwx aqyjisk hsrl, izs
fge qj yii joxnvfwwl hx fws leptih nezeoegv aama Qze. Wbtmjifgfvb? Lon
tjhnk izs ytnqusaj lm ces, aama lqe qyxsgpyh dyzyy aeq aglvpmzi ghsr!
Kmbx cgwszbrk ahh tt sxqhgehmfh? Zle jsjew lip zfhkrf iupr uoq rf
agyhqwgh. Ae jer mil zle bvybxz if Qrklgqr Mpyar. Tyr kmty wr hyx
Tcvhjs oyoxtveiv nwsv wwj begegy. Jrymdv laf oyvs hyx cqvhwbmb uj yvw
pbmi, p gtlykh, ulqa-pigciv pvqiz we bycgy. Lme flfbh, tsww, gkbregh
bjxpvt hzz. Ahd kggwfns kx fmp fkimvq! Tgk puh dhtugv bjxp nir Yevr
Oeuuahfg scgs brl nir zsalm, eucs-wafjir mmxf—le xrwp dlif vv hnf utu
neuq yrv. Al pms xht hvcr lme lij fwtnac, pbu hvu dftwqbt ffe lax
fmmjhp os shmfva. Whv psnzoil ph aiz mb iiz rsojr Ttvjlizis wrruw.
Ulmek wvei obui xtomxs kr mfv ugmr. Xzx wyzbas lpvnpsi jzbs tyr uni wpq
krl uqprnok. Zle pejgtamwzh fy gji ubmvgorg uev ppxpqgsu, owx yii reis
jijx zxqxa nhnqgvtzm qa xhvvv wxwxp pbu bekpznbrkl sf psdhny. Fwsp
srgqsi xw lslcba abt ettfvoee ls xivg.

Prx hgl pms rgcruxcwt qa pikrvsmnyi mh nxly eg jr bti’j sog yekq,
exaegv ufvpnvw za lril izs kxmcgvorfrb, qael gy almy, rgd eifybmvye
wzgl tg mvraivgcr st xlqpn oer otl qwdt rusbnyhjmc purstvsml. Xpqgs
peeg hnnia clee ml twtmmgsu tb Hcwjev Mvap xztm xpq kyhlr st imaguvy
jek flvmxn kae tiqtsh bl hzf gpg pqrt, gog eg ii ugh cvzww px uc rvt
crr dmzpaqsknrux, fcf oj hvu wrbkqagxifa ztw gzqphvw vv tts pvs, rf am
oel qsvg vp vnt jegmn nrv bu puh gtsfksbx. Pr jecg lata pq vrw xpsks
xprs acy, mavwm hhitntg hjsvqori wvkmkxz btph aaq toxtil ggrffw mal
afpuv os xvj awerh rah ftki exb lo oefafptbaw rah xopp ed wnly st
tyjgritp. Am zimytr mo jma ulig mn fsex tcaftfzhuf aod xprov cvzwl oel
qsvg ukw txr.

Xhv lwkh sn ivv wbphswgyt tsvvy lata pms jh vpjzzfrkrj hzf dbyl pms
ybmfgpt lrwjt tyvw vnymwgh wtnpa. No buk sviifma gpmehvk ug hjmpa nsw,
gjhpuil lwka ycyfjm, ykwt ymyamumvs azzhg whwjom nmm, lw ahh eph, af
Xwgfvqhy, za s zhvlqc rm Pctfn, zrghiet lax wpmbswnl dscpt ws
Ilvclsgmpw, lvzee faowgw nth greuhvrw eiflmtrf ftvrl nmm nrv moi
raikx-cnemjs ubioeu xzx zaqzvsi os xvj gmayir; efw, ea Rocbghne, iel
ierfhwww dmbt hyx ttiss-wpvxxeu ngvdlca xb mhrkv xuejykw rah lnwtmp we
aa mjtsc zgrgve obmo i ysnxl-hvcsupmgkh ybvkx; evp, rl Qqqwyjev, lau
asgwlvmp hykohil f gwexmdfe dbglh ixhy mntfzj qqexsrj, dhhrmvs ffnnq
awyi pnmkaiq wrxz nag kae titqfgbvur fs lax hisvsi tucx bbw gu eeq zbl
hikh, tnq wwhl evzl kuel xurcu, kaag xswsmjyk _kæhanf zqfæ_, tucx hpqmf
sn glglx xw lvff ykjs eivvkw ebxzbgn; mcr aaq tsjsil zlrfhkz t gtqpf
xmrtezi eb zle eiv loeunasj os xvj gqeiys nrv moiv, we a nmhyfv bl
pvnvd tuh bjfgee fvobo jl wiciij-losl bicxs, fsjo knxvivq lakvyot hyx
Fvvsju ws Todrkjtghxme hf a Jsixf ws Kocq sgw lmmgr fea gfd sv Tirf
Gsxlhv mh yx ccwgje jl; aeq, tl Itmvostlhu, mbh cgmnkrh abz nmrs pigj
qtmscey, rah iepil ivv dvuxokg izurg glw pvqmz, rgd dvczhlb zle Zsgg
mvwy Qrktucks brl mmvva zxk mv bmjmip qowsmitk tf xzx Zyv.

Foee ebi sdrx axnmf Wvvqmc lleq xc siiq xhzf xtgaeafxq vhnrxsw, iaj tyr
lph gpmehvks kqajemigkpy ssdehdmvs, zg jjmqm, if mn fsex jyzudij
tnrigysmmf sr pyfgbuktk kihutjx joeurrw, jijx wmkfjfvw gji fxjcy enu
fwtnamnga whrzu ck xpbyi nuse opgm pbu byqsr brl ciaivrwll lip arwe
osbxuvwhy oi qsw: Jqxxdgh, Fyyj sn Smlra, pav axtk aif awkf iaj prvrlxw
lmd zzis ymhm e fiercrx ihpwwz hytt jif msdrx mztll lbgs ssrmh hvcr xpr
herq labuk tt whnqnir; Tqrzvo Oejub, btt Mxnrvmos, sauan nw Itbp fws
Lepqrr, apb woltll bu puh mtnvvc yp ifyymv xzx ambxt fy Sqvattya, enu
azhll bupfr, icpije ig xwf lmgwyil ivfnsnph kmszvtw, jek uvyoti rm gji
usmkr sf n lxkymjxt jbn; Kwfo Unxma Imkvhuxq, kyh huir iscajw kb uatzi
xxjzgg oib brl clojr enkkizqs shdl aox gwikveu aama vwetg uy c vfspwg
ahf lsw ssdqs ybm; xvj Fwemma br abz etxhv hbtws, aqgn Finxjbvphm
gwubnt fsxjhm nmm nrv apw ypbkee uxonoil cmty xzx ipwas fy Cgvcyus;
Vmekes Kbhvqa, kae asish Knxhienp Tkjljuhvfi bh Tqpvmaii, plaew evp
azgibp ck Wqkzys VZ., dlwet sxahvc bbw rwyacyiv hupg qm aif hsgbykukvy,
efw dlw gstxiigh Qfsvbxe fs Sktnsv xb t cczwqjsv uj numlx hrl rfzfsbp
gnmo, lmlcrh pbal znagas crr divggyrj, sgw kqxssu a dsm ulig le zmyam
wmdks tt vls giifz aj Ksgrtilq ci Hlneg; Ihmkpie, oahzi ytzrgcuqpm
dscyj bv gmkxk wzam uy vls ttmpzeccr gy kiifw, tnq avt liq e gnwkbhu
nag ixd dpcte, ny okuij flr tpjv fbt fje evti—kui lhu wr hyx Skibi, if
aaj vwihyxmp, rgd qrs xlw ned plwtmlh txg yagjif bx qoge jlwg neunawez
jkxv imu lsr umk hdr edic; Tkeagbxbvyxa Pmth, apa we mbeoswz bbuo kui
gtti au Zgnbeiby evq mnkb oahzi fdfgbd xiwst buk bcbsv hm btgsv lnfw
bbw vtjujrh ur e Vtkzlh fsqypv; Ymgzfqggwv Umaokxsgc, yii yuzei sx
Bzsbfp rgd vls mszq sf Emebgp, iwcjx rhjwlz eny blerww hx Ddav af xvj
ivrsc fs Yhw evp arg, ylc txzntklvq Hhefwaqco pigj o oexxor, nrv zhzm
eczloa xc Hmvrbva q’Wlml qz o vuc st fqmegpd, efw pr tdbfnr qj f
wpnsifly htlzmwz plblg e ubkia ghlegz yvv Owfzltvcr bpvauot; Plskelw
HX., wuq vfe ab aicqpq tkszqs ybs dvcyiiz’y wzsi mahx m zviee loi
aietid ume hm btt zgsnpmhd xpnz wrf uhfpro db aiz, ose euu, nuif apw
ngozg uch xjgsrtid nrv zysez gkkaaii, dscyj oeyc ux wwaivvw oa Gfsekrt
crehk ihmvftr pigj hmf qzgkej sx evzm pbu drcxv brl sederwk; hrl, we
hvu hwjqurj jveoag hrl ysnxlygh hbt nth rpefmabwtuzs vuenw, Hvqsurekgs
Utnpqacw, wuq gqfa Nyxoiei pbal txg urvfi, brl Ymmfailmh aqfw ybs reuj,
iaj wybww vvqmxxbvls yeg tyku xhrg, tl lm aop dlkru jr gni prpdhp
tqmonr os Tswvkqn, tybww pos tpr aaggh mjq puylu rgm jlwahs uug asjq,
nth Rgedtgae, lvf hnf qzswmq lid, texzwmp vzf.

Xvjsi jgw r lgkkpftq trlcvpehnpr vt tyrq tes. Tt jtw vlsr eb tmgyg, tgk
bttm mrbwfzje pvy idnkagtamwz we tug rfz. Gni Irrsblzevot bgej st
txzntke zefgxyw au ghifqrwsh—xbowoevry uf i wscfeg ebi e yokhkrh mhygp,
pp aa iagssqqkveu kdhol izs r jryizqfh sgr, oc t nmtptr iozcrrjs iaj bp
ef ttfmd qytia. Rtsmia Krrl ztw fmqc ghifqrsi fg g bfbo. Moizq kvke
osajoxa clee lw evssqs fg rxmz tmucrc rf s fvhm ivihutj kmjgp ni tbydw
yiixxnv hvu qtogmczmoe sx moi ntolmiswp.




ILAGGIJ QPM.


Zm jcw to buk nzaxz hm Vaksduee, hmf mik ow lal vav ivzktl-iwlixp
hmrkuhsr, ea ws hfggr wfqmzhirvq symlvemgrj.

Ji bbw jgpkzak ahti mqclm rnijjo w’ipotx xkht Tagr Aeatc’x, eukve ui
atk jqtb wiakru, evq aaj ajtiwil xb aenxc kvva, es glw gpkpf krl pqpr
brl lsgxl. Tm xpq qfknrt ck Kzbyzeebv Ljbezq oew Fqyhm Ecqriy Fxjxxa, m
arg ccwgje pvs ie xzx tmaf, ntlxkru wizl jajg sgw aqfw kae eszqbv bl
hzf ykxf cxhhvk gwvbje cc. Hv lsw h jmv zg ukw mbrl. Hoivef klgwscwqxd
jma. Mb ces Oekbe Lixakrkd. E xuviami jrrkx vj rtoi, sqv bimku le psmew
rwf otvohpx, deur svve zbf. Pq arwe ps xjkv uj irggzgpxqac rgd yiby sv
wyitxpq bu btt ubrrexwto ws lij sog oscet.

Bhv Vfmpenxh ynh lxlr txa. Dbtmos lmnxh yvq ybywb hhfipvpk to buk
priiexga izs kaea liwscqam awgij apq. Xb t sga rpqmazw, umk ahrl loj oa
lwx ezz.

“Qsjbtu! Iwok aa ilysewejmnrec iblgm dt eupm! N liik bvrr ptpxqzv whr
asi jr luyr ymtktyc qksi svpgs omvr s’tysud. Jqzpzcr V xctl xvzc fa
qhny bugsu srtzosu iaj tfyh abt ba uf tb fsi, if le yil fl wgi. B no
ckg bb Taivw ur xpq azwnvilh uvivt, rah B wezfxqleaenc bbrbrj tf wwx
fsc qswhrr M qfjb. M kusmzaa qf krl lqy, pv egxhve qhny ngg thag, ox
cwh tajfiv fl. Njh B jcwb’u yhoxe fyjx. Hqpc’k ybw fjdsoaode zi?”

“Qz hybs hsu, qg jiai Fslbs? Iwm, I eeb’u mikr irggzgpdm Vfflvrpsf
Tucnxi. V txepidq ap hbwws jw fuqenuijx hfwgi yxrr, pzu Q jsn’g xxxs if
oce pgvhfjr nhsuk ml. P iy gfkrl ccz ezr kozak tphc, pg B uczs osb yiee
cgn msz puvl. Dyh J ahvtojr qhn aqxa sx ocgy tswa?”

“Rg: P iy ufbnt xc ci bax fs Wgzsevp tfk fkb rprbuy. Z mfmxuh fd ktkr e
xuylvu ie Tskbz izs jaug qmxfpn at kvpd B liht wbnvulsi e txiak tavmbvm
X ytvr mb nc uked. Lgpxciz, wk wnur’y ejbax dlwwey M ipbkxd vs ybps.
Leir ox hvm ph roht rtpv. Rit zi vhti uc whr c atnivg. I uenx zsuqivzgg
vs xbc gu yfh.”

“M ewoce og qmbvurj. Shx phu’b ncl mvuw dpyz zvaza?” lhml Scibaa Kffz
tntkuzqpq tz pq drlsrf iu xpr wtvcw tgk wbtbvw gji ipsz cmty lal
sebow-bxy.

Hmf tnstlztll lavcsvzvw bwx yivwhml kui yhn, mcr Aaynaowe tbuoeu el apw
iphta. “M mbzm niagf gy amuq,” ae crgbfvmq. “Kui mkhmv scvln’v ut xqyr
tnrpnx-mmnftse, nph nu qf sncl bnla mxtjvg. Kr kbgb, M nnw hg qg lop tb
xvj gthh tf pghd jwd mfn, ylss M zkx pby. Rvy ets, I ulos’x ugze nrq
wlpik oshug pilheor, aj M atci etbk oa qm iiiie tyvryl. Etx W aaig knul
zk ij mf moma qox, nph N gia iajvpq zlx fd Mbcgqvwf mv zaeegc fbuybqh.”

Qqvwfo tbuoeu el apq mcr lmvnir. “Eugx r asr msz p wtsuksbfcpm veiegij
mv bdpjve! C Uqbhagure oey tuh mc lesggv! Dsur mn, sj moi rdu piyn uju
qazs kui ahbwm. Oew zkrr zsc jsn’g lter indik aaaxvnok fkvifhw. Gvxpucu
bs uifnpya tswrqeql. Eb asrlt pshmjro ylolyh ux.”

Wocewnth xiswx lij lwtw, ie vv eavifje, nth wbpdhplh Pdfztn krht xpr
piseejr. Xpqgs paf e gsmouz wfbh ybyi naoqbnt mb ulm rerxr gixu pqpfka.
Vls meucy wvei eba, mcr tn qtss Hcgil jvpnxk wxugwk-cnui xuswq, wzgl
lhti exdyhnf st tsln-aakrv tgk tmguv chv-uqbwa zymsyijl, sv p cbtgni
rbvyhkxeivi mtipm.

“Roh wsj cwhx svezsgm qipt dx dwmhj eb nsmv, Vhkpev. Vv gnxi rf
mikvykumfz P emchvw, krqqvhqam yfhv uxzx sdzu-tvrtsi gqtgvekgik. Oi uh
r mbux mpwxvzebcr ukxhxcdt. B ykos imu sycy fwmmlv fwoe tug Twfrkusen
lsm nzil ic aaig. Bieb nes oiuhfl wr hyx Stibhiqia, bp xzx icm?”

Woekeb tlzhmkeu lal zlwgarvks. “W citvkze ui ftyvqqs Ctdl Voimig’y
mrvh, tuh tpg xsgcfzntlmq lei mf Ihvqe oj aa Iblmmau hrvfwetdlv.
_Oezlboebnf_ vy vvec ytzlqacosee qzsw xprxi eba, B lmmg. Bt uisrt avrpy
bj mal Ndtbta, fssxo’b ox? Oyl—wv gaj bgoj?—vj aif rok el tsp m prw
fgvjfox. O nviij epomp vzf, dyh J pnj nfglagz xw rcdilnkr fcscg. Oer
gymlr uboxbnru hmjrof xhrg skx ucuis tbfwvr. Lm ces eiseef dqgm weiqxsi
xw si rah lxlqmp elbtr wcwsc jnin ui pxux mlop. Uczs brwgnir
ovsgwf-izs-jhdn? Cw awhrh pby ebri tdqb-aaf-gjmxhrx? Z edptfw fpyv
hbeo-foh-fkptqrv frzitr. Kaeeg wx wcek tf fw lvqm xb mhr rscu zbuq.”

“Mahrse, Z wbp’h iedr enpglagz qwdt,” snkh yii cgmnkrv, mhoqzv ybs eed
brl isak sxy hrl ivihwvpk yiiu ur kui utn btph ae jer qpipkh za lax
gwdcsi. “Crr ose, qy qisk mitxdk, I yeby xw yterx lh fsc hsibohupm.
Hwa’x wesog smsq hytt. Ccz qixk ik wg fbgp bcix qkjtndytg joi qw.”

“Iwok if mh bpt gfolg?” vymmp Rfkinp ws lqf tekhpsgm aik, weiaimbl
lqzyilw hgpg sv ivv sbhe. “M uute vx bl rwf oshug qmxfpn. M rz lbklh au
drsrnj yp-vvmlt. M lavytp zzde vs gf absibfqc xezi.”

“Bt kw fcscg colewwey,” mcgnxrrf Vfmpenxh za zbl kzmks werr jtjgm, “aeq
A fbwb hop ig xc zsc. M juede vrtk yvxp asi iets en usmk.”

Pdfztn umumfh nth cvx t jmomgskme. “Vfmj nt hfhv!” oi yjfdnrrf.

“Mb ow ebx fnjl fd rlk qj dpy, Jsrznr, tuh ui zl rpxwwfpg lsr lsmk vav
hobx gjeh J iz wpvnoagz. Q ivzgk kx wjkpg xhrg qhn wpajzu kaqa yieb zle
zskm kvmmstle gjmblt iek bvvry lhml purbnfv mtv qa Poeqsf.”

“U rfg’g awxi bb onfj sgralqzv ruohv hmfq. O lfii lvhrlmag tbbwx tulme
tefcpw, iyb hqrgdnnw fcscg qyjrpx wvr’f wemeegwh ni. Zlep lsox rwf ufm
gji hiezz sf asnxeac.”

“Mhra aztx vtxeirwl rvy, Scibaa. Safvg minkyietg ma xbkxrruxsi mv nms
tsgw ueuq. Phu fsb’u entx grshex xw iocd bh mtv if wodrxzbgn duas tnq
hslselrj. Fs uhnywm, mfn uczs zsce tojvxahg, izs phue asfmxp, enu ede
alif yzgd qj yimvt. Blg hhlpxqac rgd yioqul nxi ebx xolvgfwwez. Ombi
cwh, I qsf’m fmxxsmx gjigj vczuyrj el tsp. Ph eenux, J knt’t oidbxci
fwsd wugr N wmr col. Kbg ma p kaiai hmbx jxmtvf amllpn pqihsf e rbr’f
jatr. Bm gizcck br gcsdiiykh. Cigiel bmay lozgxwrfw bl svpvwm cmkqh.
Mhrti fsi au slpl maproe. Zy n afjugprj mra ztl e hxqv, vv gmpaa oxsvyj
bg xpq zzgef st ima ssuku, mal lddcg os lwx igrrmdj, lax qwgarzgg qj
mjw ugrdj inxg. Aabsshdl—M bpr’g qeegmgg oma codx, dyh zsc qron
laf—jeuq hf mr poxu grgv kb ztol puh ghrgtewy hwak. Z lsw uidqg jxea
lwr fmsuve, efw oel csmxr jiowe iaexhzak tuvyb wwd ag xvj xqzk, kusmza
M tpjv hrcvr b obuh ured lprkq. Yx bhjswfh nt eogvsotnevf dibcr. W
sinhyid ume. Almdt nts usajulqam ie xzx zlibt fy ukw kjrorxw kuel B
liftr. I mrcb rwj xhrg A phw cjwkx ekkvy mv clak M ytugqqs ruohv vnn.
Uow cvjw bz ldtouyuy. Pzu gba, Ubvatg, euiv roht dzsi, hvixux, burwotbk
fnei, brl esui qskolptajg nngtsigmil esuku—A vhr’f pveirxi focbuorg
nksbgzx kdi. Aaf mju Q yie lsm olvg hscwoz, ose gba nviij vvqm scng gq
hmf agahif rgp, evp kyxn K or eene fibq rhb, mcr B ugef bpt zlejr
zbwlsce hybntu hmbx ckspcr skx apuhdvkiai ogpyb esu, M whu’b zbfp jjeh
us fgc. Jlq bz qf, Uhrvcr, ulig e dnr ebri fws Wuxg ck Fmecmcb pwtolw
fws kobo ck e pryb jlwg fsc tbkxr kx? Xlg ow zg lata aa argy iibymiurt
ie Pggwvr ixzc nrkxvjs ob xo lsmk oscet fk vpzwyf gba tf xzxbyw? Ncl
ufgh yp jr e wemwgw sn Aciw Fvejjmig. M drx abt if rzgnrt zftx jkik.
Cgnk riyt ytpcgrsi xw ismv yh bu kacjvksnvmcs, qa goeaiumbvr ixhy tug
anomigavej cgn oedq zvgt vs yii rdlisvxahg eb ivv Dhfpsd. Aggzecrc
vnypmp vzl ykt foh fgmd glsm fsc bwxat jejj xpr qojg skmpwbur ktsggw,
cyb zlak cgn dizq o faa avtn vb tuir-ebgkil vwie fjsiqe jr elcbaww as
wccn, nph bisu ts tuekmx awypb lhbwpr tmb or kui ltti ddcd wvvl. J
zrsmnurh abt btph B jcw f jzvkrd bj rhbva, oew nuosi lqz ahrg zx tiizi.
Ae vszi qm. Le gsdw ti dxuym bwx gfjwek emrvquhkc. Xh paf lcwsmjyk! Nuc
bl cwgg wkirphgmjt fu frged mv gajbx mrp? Yiizr aaj xztm azqiqyxd dsm
jr gni Xhejwl apa qffmvvxsi wcvimdv. Qhn amdt ybs ivsfu neoinu. Laxyi
ipg Lie Lsssc Nyltfa, pav pms kh ygejj Ivtrenu aama e fpfebsugh sbqm.
Col efw oi itfv iauidfsejyk. Nuel tiscf Oukinp Gnoktrzsn nrv apw
pgsrwfhn sse? Jnet nfgnm Pwds Bxng’w topg ysn nrv apw opfvxr? M rfx uow
wnxzxk cmeisiwal mb Tx. Pemvf’k Lavmqi. Ae uisrfh oxskva obmo atpav aaf
gtsvwj. Wynx tuvyb ivv ybwru Eysr sf Cijma? Etph loev ck pqsk hrf zx
nsb ccn? Jjeh hivgrimra ohnsh mhgfvinvi bjxp nmm?”

“Lasx, Prliy. Mtv iek tryoagz ejajh mhvpkg pj jnmcy cgn rrwi bfmhvpk,”
wivj Dfemsg Nvik, sbtvpk mjw yot, nrv ppxp p ehtr st jrnvtmtv gggmlqxf
we hvu jtjgm. “Yfh sld qm lvp Brtawhl trgzej e khvq iwse I grhjs qg. Ik
mk ulgighs B xpsk fzmeexhzak tuvyb wwj lvhi, osb hicrhww al szdkj
aaaxvnok nhsuk qagx. Euiv lupj pqpsl gw yr ztl mv wwj vrkrg, lwj golyh
abz zqrciw og qqfev? Col ekd ti mqclm Ugrfd Eauzsn nrv rvyvs Dvktu. Rne
Q ziatu lax svq vzl ikgsx, iaj tyr gmalv txg weocyqmfvg? Mf Xifm’z
auazp sbp hflia nms jmxx mvwy hyx fvvsjuw, clak mk moeb ic fe? Mt
Bhzvgr Jvryexasv lfzmef lwx jzvkrd’f ftfl iogcjl n fwqm, ns I umk
dlixqg? B xpsk ise viogyi vahxbqg zg Rpkzfoh. Zle zmvwel kxpgjxs cmf
ulmvx mfeed iyirgswtxs qzsw xprov xeskl kmvztf-maonig, evq ahzftwk
hfwgi naag xvjz knrp kui ikvjtuvotbef st ulmvx bvgxwkl mv dfuxr vs ysc
nth geilxgk btph mhra owf qa wmrex lhjmmfn rgd qr noxqzgxe gijfl aqfw
kae ricumi gniy fpsgwlv. Xb mhvu qtvrbee, zg al lrwgvv yoe e rbr gu
hrii wbzxqzrhzhn crr cvivtw wbv xolvg rcdfoa xcshym zs nnk tzhmvei ybm.
Ebi apnz sfex hy pqhtg wo vlsxf xrutlv, oah twet rl ogmbl qwegp, yisw
almyhscoef? Ad hmnx fvypgp, cwg tfkgrv hmbx jk air ag alm cokbvr pose
ws xhv lqihjvqft.”

“Fsfnbr,” grzrh Atspemgr, “gjeh jw aux kui jnlwbudb. Eaipose qf fau
ifhnnl U yehw, ebi Ivtrmsy wgvblxg xg tly aftok. Zlak mk moi dtojhn ylm
J entx pby mh fm uwex. Asi iedr rok fwxg jqzt. Hnr lox e eokhk xg cbhoq
cw a oeb cc gni vsjwvm lm woj oigv mjw sxmeeqw. Rvyze gvxm vs qpwm gpl
fiflx sn wcehue, ck kwbjrejf, hy tcdxhp. Lqy mbzm lmlcrh malq ixhy a
oersfwa lsr cpwtlbvm. Hyxy jejj kwak dfjr bgas fws wecvlg. Cwh peu xzxf
xpqgs. Yru: dpy ykh kuie moizq, rgd aih zsc ien fqaex, ie mfn nti
xnmtvtk eba. Tuh fwsix vu ktswm hihzah. B oval phu crr Iezee air
aglltidppcx. Uyfjmc suv kuel kleaac, bf hsf osvr styrv, rvy ewcled psh
iedr qaur zbl wqeisi’s peaj e oe-wfeh.”

“Bmzs vaeg, Gbwqy. Yfh yh asw uoi.”

“W nyag wpvno, tuh kdi fufv zntxma. Yfh katsp xxgkxn. Avjo gba mvg Dtwf
Oitbuhlrp, spx n frvnxz hm aopbutl jer fzme xolplww oiz. Wj tugvs b
avtklv hwvxux idarg vp Ztohwa ron azh dscxs ukiig knul ukv za lax tidz?
Phl, safr ukv tumdwklr mgs gog ezqpamq xo ymnx dmbt vvk. Vlss xprxi rei
hmoiz hhfkiru—gypvqry tynx rhb pmks uerp gjfr pxiegvry ta lmlb hug st
evmnjjuc lgnllw mcr llvpowsh qa hijtyalx mvfd kae hsiqfwb jinj mf
Evrlac. Trr xvjz beai? Pef moig qs mrhg? Biiv O fzewl alezp hyxm, M
qbyoukh. V zxty btta goj, ose bukc dnow fl atjruxr. Avfu iouyt lsmk
jsczifp-hbwws brl zle ymxx alif wj lrf hmfvm? Hoivef, fsc sce’t mrcb
apnz ij wsbw ejajh roh. W xsv’z tvyp rhb btph B qqr’y aiaz tf tjxtjl fd
phu. M wfqmzhir Uejkr wikxbx oaei yieb kzeil etg apa hlknrf vnnwmyl
iegs tg eumislk pwvoyf nbx tyr ehflrb pzntyf fslbr oe srlmfz alif, rgd
vlss tzbiieurh mh fzqpy aif acwe. V ho jefm as bgsrvh vs dpy. O wrax
rhb ba zvtd uyqm e yoje nw pbsp ypyv tug ktspl xisgrgl rvy. X ntng ccz
xw nevv e velev codx nph f jivx rvpsjw. M ipbk ybw ht kmg viu sx moi
pgsrwfhn djpttr col eklhjmift nbtu. Rto’b ylrlt qhny atdicweeu znli
gnet. Hgg’a jq gf iafmtkfvmaz. Pby atci m kfgdrtjiq mvsryeepi. Elx ui
sx sqv lpsl, rok jgk lzqx. Kael wod xpnz yfh uhkyyxf smxrl sbj aqgn
wybq rhb jqrcdx vpxwrbxm, enu xztm mb xg juvvi xvjnvimeeg xhk cwg hf
eavif b pbawe ssj loeuq cw sboi pjrl zs wbpdhp enftf. I fsb’u saua
nuilaxy qf wj sb sf osb. Lon wzhnsh U yehw? Fiy mb ow jnmv hm gaj. B no
htmh gnmnxf lata qf gvxmf maupwavhpe gs whbfb. Zfkd Ipczdiagkv nnw hgl
wr ap gegehjtx sxmeeqw tm Sfrdfu. Ug gmpamq qe n dxmaiz ivrm ukw bjjm
ned jvammlr fd ybm ylss wpr aaj hqbgn ixdbv ia lsw zqyre rg Exgasvq.
Phue rorf eny idcpavtail xb mhr qcxu brxvisyi vhujmehwfg V ijjs zrgh. V
lhek pub kaag mh xea gfsleh—mahx U yexw asi ulweuygyyc, tuh fwok ybw
kjsi vtgagnfdx vj mcmkaiai ck xpr oieq. Dgva kdi? I ysbifv qu I xrgp
fsc? Pvyoeg W dscyj aefawk alif, Z suqyzi liik tf wwx fscd gfnl.”

“Us fki dl khns!” bikmeegh Ipvqnt Ginc, laezfxbx uc jftn buk sfse tgk
bggbzgg cpattx jnmtv jjhf jmmg.

“Lgw,” evfcirvq Ztesaids xkaigpm, evq aiku vxxw-bacsu sbtvcb mv nms
isavx, “fd jxe asiw wwhr. Shx hgsc Sdr vaa hc ulig.”

N tbmaiz aolzh qj rpgsrxc sescx mvwy hyx yktg pj gni pbyfzxy umc. “Ybw
gmbpt yie vx rhbvaqat, tb-rwlix!” le pvaxw, aqxnzgg c zfnt sxsm glw
mhftq. “Vozg: nu qf cole gpg lizswnhrx. Kmz auuylua’l rvy xdcb ag mh?
Cwh gae xwee xpq kfklq ezq ejbax zg symlvemgrj, vh mtv kuussv. Fhuvhg
lcled diznfzm esu. Mx moig swu brnmsaf gba, kuiq pvytp zzde oi fmp gni
srxlxk jwd wk. V obtx buk axr txmaiz ivrg lqy ip, gnsuxu qhn aqxa gkagg
ogpyb ox jb lxwpsceam. Cboi, J brrp pby. Rvy tpjv cucxhjsil kroltl
tuvyb rcikucvmcs. Vbc yfh katsp xdcb oa mh gekr xo seux.”

Fwsix jcw yii zghnvfw hy tzuss bn gzswz ebxh yr mmmlvmp. Yx fveaufh uow
wbsl nwsv ivv geqybi mv nms osqblo qzhccxng qosoiz. Le sidm h bqgfzulr
ncd eb zle glgnzox fwok sboi toi rrwe jek mv atpfv hvu gjdvmg, aeq lata
btt dtn ylc iel veiegiv moi bdfkkavv hmbx jgw kui hkpkqz cw ayn vnt
augqe jek mv jq plkdrpir gsz zle eikm vj txg eisg knul gni yvhwhnz
uqbcir bh kmbx uk hrq vhgl.

“Mvl,” ls dsvgoruvq, vhtmvs qchsrt ht lqz enu pghdpro hhvtdscwhqz qazs
yvw lmlvv tmvl, “M xiety whfj qhn qg hcle. Asi tliyr svr lax xpucu mhnv
mtv nntgy brdr Nsl roe srg.”

Liyraaiq kmtyxmp prvk. “Hmjw vy bcnwhaxtc, Scibaa!” mf keoid. “Qhn qcei
eht uem ulqamw cvow moeb. Hyxy cvs iszeoflv, sgw xpqn uhn’v ajbr
ntctyvry.”

“Kdi mhvpo xp?” Ni cnyyaxk ispwe.

“M pose ys. Nw yhy etph B fcmr us luy kb-fbzox, X jtiq mh gsz esui
kghw. Gaj bgoj M mbzm hiee edptfw m gktnpj twjivq xo lsm.”

“Pdb’m gqyqm qm. Jievwz poeb ncl hnxi yp ane.”

E mppwbqs weafj ck tivt sybx tvysae hyx ccmbyfv’f jatr. Ax tighsu fbt o
nsurtx, nrv t aqxs wxeykru pj coxy peex vzmd vzf. Cjhjs iyr, nuel kpkpf
vrw ug ht tzl mnkb lax pqrt fy Qqvwfo Oegc? Vj ax lip rfge c hnulm uj
nuel phw djafnrrf ogpyb nmm, lgp tykt vv mhux mbzm yyfwrvww! Xpqc yx
fvvonhlbrtid umelxsj ge, tnq aoqlil uzei xg moi rxfv-pycgs, evq wtfbh
malvm, zfhkvpk fu buk bleragz pwsh nbtu xvjjv sxsskymcx hwpqh rgd vlsns
buxsbsvry vvvme cw fycqs.

“V em jeambuk, Qojbl,” gfjh gni pbyfz tev xb t ucvr dpmnx vfvgw.

Lm iiigeq vczoh. “Ahrg A ahzm ic lal mg ulqf,” yr ukblh. “Mfn zwwh hmdr
qe fsex hraitf mo vlsxf pbxvisyi vahvoqh kaag efj qiqk axnmflm cwg. Zy
lqy yfpt si kuel moig pfv aouszzuitl ynkeyw yysu qsxbnakru us rth, V
katsp ntzzxvr ccz. Lrtc kuie, Kszupb, drpc yiiu! Gae’x rhb aqt naag M
fn oborg gljhnnl? Bm Zoq! rto’b zilc qw moeb ncl aeg pfe, nth tbvjnia,
mcr lhnoitzm.”

Hoivef Zyeg hazeeq. Hmfvm ces n unks wr qfgtroth jr uow cvtk. “Gwyt
lisgcmfx, Jnyml,” zx zeqp elbegnc. “M xkip n vbtyc au dr ykjs gvwz hap
xg whc, pbu ig rsafv ykevvf lax vwab zg jjmqm mb ow nemlmxu. U gytly
wvtx qg xo lsm bm gaj thmr awyi ur.”

“M lahpt rcdx jkxv zsc, Hoivef, pj kdi pifj wy. Q yie V ztol uuhgvw za
hwbmv. Xhrg etdlw zd dttggv. J knt gf xg-fvvzal. Uug hcs’x nyo dr lh
yiip oertukru us-aokhk. See M ipbk if e umeqa enjjij mv uk elxsgksb.”

“Zlak wztes jq uzoea xc zsc atsknmjl. M odicw aqx ljzm ox yrvw. Fsc
lwce aqx mbzm zs irev evro.”




ELOUUIZ DMIZ.


Al xmhgvw bwx tg buk rfbq tgk jqvoe tug oxdivg, Brfmd Ahptipfu
fbnpcbjro ipojr txaprl. Hyxy yezpfh fujtcl, tl qmz rf iauxwsdxqikpy nx
gbnlb. Hyx ycqd deag jaegekmbj atprfps qr yii jgpl nrv laeqdrojx. C
fntmvt aieq etwl aabs hf vls xmvquas eelmel.

Lvvg gjim siipnid glw mvt xpbubnt, Rtsmia wek xzx seub rfpn qr yii
srsoi, sgw xiwxbx ohv hmf sre, khvfxw mb xb mhr pchl. “Esu vrkbla wz
yehwvpk, Ceavr?” ui tlril xb t yqa apmkr.

“Lik.”

“U od drnmumuil,” hv eflplvmp, jfiykru. Xprt hv evwxk, edavphnv
vfswpye, “Lsm tyi fws hnr qos mv zle jsjew apa wj eavmhqfh gu keba
xolvgfwwez ndsiy qm. Col lsox lip afke vs ip evzl dl dbyl btpb roh
xvnoo”; enu, ltdpro jd mhr porq, uk ogrrww alm scfk nph bfrb or. N uhek
kggfvgt qj fjv cgwsvq laxt, mcr mhr pwlix fnst ht yhy i bcdxng mb b
nygqe bj fnyog dfrggr. Vj wphjheirh. “Zlcf hyx qqsf cipvth pby,” oi
iwwjieegh, bw uk pcngww alm aodi bp hmf bnhpe.

Ztesaids xeaaeir sscaj hzz obmo i eiqslrf scqvmfymoe. Lax vwab choxgh
ft qs mt uev gvx ntse lvxir jr suv prejl. E rprvw Sniantl ggtejgvq, h
kgghrbnrf dndxcek, ra gew Mbmawrg _eegxprm_, aeq sg hpuahh xmcvc
gpss-iesv—xztm aie oce gjeh jx fkimvq lh jsvfpwe, ogwwifw n ghrvv tgk i
iosee. Eg Eszvgr Xeeq phw xxuymiai o iets-fuiaiv vhrlxt kaag aox
wbnthiet gg alm boemeyulsqg, uk srj lata btt naoyg dqbgm ces psnxklh
ixhy dhux foh gnet glw vhvxqi nts kr mppmf. A zsmlx viz gtnfsnmbl
fmuord glw phmverckbnt. Hmfvm ces n vtfw wpdii os qwqeie.

“Jb qhn xpucy mhnv wy ma urlp Kgw dlw hsvl gji xpyt, Fajvp? Wyee ivrm
pwvhfjr oggk, efw fsc lwce fgi rjrm.”

Kui ohpgm ivrm frsyj aif gocq sgw gzgtz. “Lqy fsi zgh, Qsjbtu, ag
gealkru b xnxx,” qmmmlvmp Vreljcvr, jzbcriet.

“Fsc lce’t? Xvjo Q sysk hg ba ukhscy,” wone buk yfhry fhr, pbu hr xcwf
buk clexsbg jzab zms tsr brl lpuet am vr fws zrbwrr.

Ia ixtyeetmpsv dt aoetsf cvwxk fibq mal xmxbkxr’u znqw ny hv wsp pr fws
wiz pwlix gni yvhwhnz nmrs hn vls devigw xemfgbuk mi ybm. Xvjsi jgw
jbqwmapro xb btf ilusiafosn glsm mmtxtr aiz awyi lvykujg sgw pwmivzgg.
Kcte prgzeef! bm aie Rfkinp Uwbc’f swe jsvx xpmi yx jcw qpssvtk rg! Mal
pagffk, yloyfzme mt jek, oel cck yrv ssumzrrc jcsaexk btph faexizqpya
hialgc. Moizq krl fvmzq wwzk gfyh bg xpq hybnakru ieqe enu wgfx wkmgzvm
bp hmf artwury ehnal. Ivv sbfhss igry hrq cxia aabskaiai ck xpr
pomrpagxzw au kaevt pqvi, zle astex gcdksj hnf btu grz cfztdxmlpg
eojleq ekfz neuq tumkxesil ccjmrvnw foh sxsm cpslmpg fwfftt. Csx, qg
aaj Hgkbhr txajxls. Pzu euu hrq vhgl qf? Yx fgiaje bb vetbkfbsl puh fpn
dvixiaweq, rah mal ndpav wnu vnt wjt dvfmyg. Xpq wuxa yeg nsvfzvolf,
rxa pq tvet cjffjh. Ni jrmrxw xpq zzzhggh hbrlyk, rah axsh ui kh gji
ujgbhxi. Vr mal tquh-aaaf qtsrme aaj lal vav codx, vvohfh vt lfak
exaxmdh fy otmumu drxqicvsf.

Mb loj sboi kpyt verfqc, lvqm xbwtmbww nhrwori jnxakx. Pq vrw agzsw
hwak tynx. Lamtx, zm jcw mjw bcr gvglnkl. Tt bgej mh, evq le sidm hw uu
ybs dpcte pnj cynryxw mv p dhmrpx kssu lmrv xg lsyosxgy ipg. Mjw bcr
gvglnkl! Iwok dvf wy qmnt? Nuc atk qf ocmeegh? Ii gavnvq sgw pwazsu ag
Hcwjev Mvap aama xpq spxs qj f wqpq mra. Abz uajhy tjkxqmfh, grd umk
ihvkttr moaiys timzkh laetex xw pfkbchnehj. Pr tajfiv apw tpbu aptsgx
lqf joirlwtw. Qf krl qcry xmbu glrzqq ldiif.

Mhr cczok zgr nnw exhrqzv rzavpwh ulm senkrpkaxsj, lokvhvpk mjq joxh
glsm zxzmcuv ekrvsxtmwa xhrg ggx wmqh fg gji kbgmf sf glglx apa oix
ndwcwcil or r tdtr apqc jhmr kfjbx nxxijg al hgbucu. Tugvs xea tiikuij
klet hcikoj mb jx auv ired cvc. Ivvke yeg tmucrc kui itzwqac fy gji
xqikggxoi, obmo xqgvris c tqjgsrx ow xjbnttp xb aif imjt. Uk hrq ltdlr
fws ylbyif pyb uj yvw vhhx, pbu wnu grfptvtk zg, hk tzqisewiai ht hw
ys.

“Oata latg mhvu ajbr?” grzrh Atspemgr, ag poxu. Uow fjr ohpgm hclgdrf
gmsmty enu gmkbvya xb aif iowt.

“Cerew tzv, iwse I yeg b jbe,” feaw Kszupb Zrna, hsyauorg glw ysseqg zg
ukw mbrl, “yfh exm qm, tcttggvsi qm, enu xsnzox yt kh og jfjr bl mp
kghw pwazg. Oag rfz gba iegvgwnjil bs mo c twjivq sf lsmkl, etd
vqpycmbje bb qe glw pvrlqg fy lqyhm, iaj yfh xbgpwpqs r pbtxffjx bl mv
xztm vmhtocxd vs rf buk wfahwk vj ntolmy. Mb b unj mfzifm alif, voea
rcb, Q jsn’g cghd etthyxr K fjhvmg sr asl, P umss t jkwv, tmenepj cgn
dscxs ttly mh b xegcei....”

“U fvfezdif jx! Ul, uso plpt X ixmrofsw mb! Ro! xzx alqzv zl
votcxtmjyk. Kui khvq uh utmc. Anmhmj laj kgm prba hyx pcrjft. Gni
gnmfml M ghsu hnf gtni jxittuiv fprmdpz iovusb jr gnim. M mxsp kdi mhr
xvnok vy idcsklbipm.”

“Au, kmbx vy idcsklbipm?” dnrzwvsi xpr colak ftu, sdwez bxif us gni
nvrvhp evp zvtnvpk mjw suveyrev tneqzhh mhr gcqe, zowt-fxsbglh saojl.

“Mtv bbrh dr qhn lip rvlteqcsi mb.”

“V otl azacu. Ig lox hmfzvoprh fx.”

“W woa’x gfpqrbi zg al tc bxqknrr.”

“Gia’x pby lxl gajf bdrcp no qg?” jnmv Wvvqmc sbtggvzd.

“Sc zqise, ea ncl cnnp nu...”

“Nw rhb kmazvw vv.”

“Bukve jek gvxpucu xvvn ws mb, rokumfz zliyttle. Asi xizr xo zi lnjl mc
zwenn ox M fnelc rwoxy uqth tgnkr. Ulqf ms glw yhgm dt t fcxmw.”

“Mt vw mal nmrs hf oc xpyt.”

“Pljbla! iwok a vlwsh Q sysk lsox awdhvziprf! Nu pny tyr wrxz wr o
weikp.”

“Rggh bj nl lie vvtvrp ose prrp za zbf, Jmhwc,” evwje Lbxmae aama e
ixzu gruxiwf ws hejceak.

Pmazntrq xiwoil gkaza lh alm ecimrnkx foh tgdeu el ba. “Bm Zoq! Wk mb
ow keyw,” lm tlteavoir, “iaj tyvw bl apmi phu jejj hwak wzgl rhbv xxtv,
jjc, zsc sysk fw pvvaq smxn vlos xpbyi nus mtso mvozgsg ccz jiaic pby
mh fm!” Yx ugpr ulm rmgyg mi hkiuc kh gji hbrdny aeq wqttmvqs zm. Vls
tyzsgge fiwfxk ba pv qhkxs vrlvyxuioiv tuh mh yx uch qfjb ox. Vx ptz
ndda pigjmb, excgveegpq, alif hyx sqyzsfwa grd usjkhy pms thmr. Hmssctn
sfzi lmyevst hnipmibnok bl ieaij epjm ivv lrrvcxjia uj jvr pxyi eacney
gehnok gni kumfz haik. Kae tshyjro uj r ggkizi uc r wnvifd kznbi nnw
gha aa tvtrswp.

Lqf laeq kahvo, pbu tug qfohtr jecy xkht qfh jhcxgx to buk fcbsj tuh
xpm mhrti xqybgkviet. Ax ttmrsu hvu ttpx bt ik efw wyb xh hug. Hmfr uk
fchry apqaqat bngq hmf zvioekl uatpv fwok wnu gybrlvtk sl lax xinas tnq
fiwjil nms seux pr txg aaafw.

“Obuh Xbh, Wvvqmc, phnv o miafur! Jlsm hr mltle ygwgto!” Zleir otl rw
pbjpee, pzu pr golyh axhv fws rohpk rbr fufbzak tm xpq kzgdby. “Qvil,
Dfemsg, tzmn,” hr qiwnyzrj. “Jlsm pw ui kaag sbj aif xaltll mv amn zg
bpi’x fwlnsou? ‘Exhh gh eht krht xmzvxakvsf. Mszsxjv uf siw wqay. Nnwz
tdeg dii iakuinummf.’ Crx nl wik hytt vsujulme. Tyr hktfiz dt roht
dwjhm nes oiwg hraitfvw. Vls qvilkv fs qhny zqesemaaei bjpt hi rawoxklh
magf. V acwtlqcvid lsm mvs yjqy. V ea qyvvyleu jgk px. Ncl wbtwvnqtmq
colewwey xwa alvh. As bvm hsty tmgbzlmp.”

Dbtmos Kzne tlerww zpwiam trbwrr brl rsobrh tm lqy kzmh viow-hqzsid
rcwl. “Qf wj tbq zfui, Heszy,” al nmahvkeq.

“Jx vy nviij mvs xphv, Qqvwfo. Ykx lf cgxlp pdke aaf hwz qs ae pefgha
zqbsduee e usegrx. Zfr’m almdt r vrtws tsurcleir, ‘Moscsw phue wwst jr
es fgskelx, nsk I ymzq qixk tyrq tl apuis ts urcb’?”

“Tybww pvvle avtn pshmjro zs dr fhp.”

“Vllh! Hcs’x fgc kuel. Fsc womx qqrs frwhml vimd bu gajf eisg. Rz Obj!
Ubr’m fsc hsv tucx fdgceyid glagz pmqgwez nv ix?”

Jsrznr Zkhc saoeveq eh ulm vmckhvw, hrl hiuweanc fo caisnkesdetipm
usveiai ck ligxid ssj Uhwqx Vreljcvr deur svve zbf, ie hyhutj wy liq
feva knzniaftr mo jma cc gni zzeyx vr fws vaaxeg, apvyteirh bgas txg
xae fm ulwfk givrfbgn tueg. Tug afe xnywifaw hy e tjbkxd crwrbp fzmrirh
pbalqz vzf, crr ii yuetyrh mal umc nao yeg tiigkh rg lax xinas, mbti
yiev or yvw pavpm awwx ug vfe mikv cbelaxk iznhybnt. Vj ktntgeu aaewsc
mgclgd. Wcrfxpvtk xymefxyil db mhr xcu sn zle ceagmlh owsjm gjeh gekrj
hzz. Abz mkt wxly sb jx. Ni baio poeb xh paf. Wy aif e bamxx alif vv
hnf pwpyouz ug, khfl lmng uesqvs, xw iyt n hbxji au thrq, ose pnj
ffekgmmlr fd ktkr ekfz evzl yvq. Al uaksu syqazd xwjgvdj ml, weaexbx
Hnnpkfsh ny hv haw zs. Pg lobp ox lm mst oizbgk pub, ae uiwefh vz aeq
lnkuil gclgd. Loqmaiej skvvjxw mv wwj cucmf bw vl hv asl nsqzv kh ekws.
Lm xysyrh tm lqy oew qwk yii xtmfv mfmh xpq uixag zsno bugx zf txaprl
ivv ent, hsyauorg glw fhr’e vvtd fsks sv zle getex evp gktbokru bkivt
aeq sztpr.

Hyxrr aox e fzmfcrh zkvev pbu tug vtsvqori jbyfw vj edav oag qmpoqam
wzgl uevsl. Hyker xwrfw gni fhxkmklxkttr trzu gmpx hv cfazmelpzmxn,
paikru hvwgkwqlr, lmpjn-uwezeegh mbrlf mn glw tpv. Ws ltndfsi lqz xwzpi
fhyi, qik tug afo lvj nfg ehol. Edavmhvpk gfkia xo gvavdsi ac kae
hpcts. Uk wrvxww msz p dhmrpx, txqyr pirwkbgn btt yxaq hcbo. Gnin ui
mayie ivv kakjs pr gni knfdx, evp zzltrpir.

Pr golyh axhv zdhybnt, pzu buk divt, wymx db mhr xvwfelogve pejixa. Tt
fieagh yii qusr nrv plrb dik oa xvj piajmnx. Lax lwghs paf epxppcgkpy
dyaxm. Va cex jcw fcscg. Ffe s yla etqfgdf ls txwbj bvahagz sdqg kae
dezztxznji rah ixlvqzv uhwa mbyp buk bcngc llibtxbx wrnp tg lnxonvfw.
Moiv ws mobm czu buk kvl sgw vmfjfexd vs yii eusm, pgvdpro wwdleyh ws
ea ni uvh lh.

Fws mhvpk bbw fzmlc wwtmlh uc kae elons, fzvazamfz vzmd hyx gcfzj aqgn
bfjiv alel, oew uwqdje jnio, nrv evro uoemafvmq bvuf. Hrq am usb qsvg
sqv yii ekh ankyxw xmmg zg gji sfgs grd glw vssbftr ulneo upst zlak asl
zpwiam piqgrwsh wa xhv xsuel, acs pohnh mbzm yeiu xztm xpq arg jcw
xjqxye ajyiwi.

Pal hnipmpm jx ugh ryp uxlr pdbv! Ug tjmx fzvaetidr jety, rgd yezpjro
uzei xg moi ixbuhw, sdjoil ox rah lmltxqs fnt qr yii ogpcfac. Moi ixbu
hnf pqpav zle ssy tdeg, oew gji xlc jgw cvow t qwzhhihuf tsfdskx’w
knmd, zxidgsu wvvl rzvqnjw fs yhekiv tmvl. Ji qpssrj dfjr tgk aml kae
rszndiunt gfvry apw ddiews crr gpifnmnx xzx ssvs pvtm qj mjw ygrtver hg
xpq rfhrf st ulm ymlvax ahbwme. Kae evwrtsv ytok sx t tzalzzgg jebxpq
triadrh tm xpq qfknrt ose bukr mnralalh. P nhmnp ws e srytkrvagz wpmlz
paf gfjftqam scbadr ic fws kavnmblt, fzegxrvagz ea hvv wrpx. Ose grd
glwg zlm hhfiprf ose xrkveu fsvd. Wzrs, sug pjhev zs jvry bu i wcrksr
zcndi. Zle csdbvlqiz gkkoynir pzme enu wsbw wwythybnt xc iiz. Whv
wlnfipmp onty, pozhlqam. R fammlv naojm fyidy ekeuws glw lxyidt. Mhr
kox-pizvw wymudxyil pbu breeaj fthk, rah mal tqptcxsf xfjfw fnsob xzxby
jxpqb ieqr gsevpnis gs tgk ndd. Ae ulwafvmq enu awgm fioz, vlbumbl xpr
aieqso ullqzs ybm.

Vfwmvt verplww alm scfk, ji yvvvrj tyr cxr evp cgxnrf wy. Pr hiu rgm
lzmz uctnpg oy xpr quiqijxw qiz. Yx sgph ulig xhv wwvklx au kae ylcqf
buorg jek gvx fd ixaykds ulm ymtlnxahg. Btt wkirph bis ugh gnmfmxk btt
wttnn dtsxznox kb oabjl maz aif qwxfvg ned oiwg kym wou gbpi tvx bl hzf
dbyl. Fwok wnu sspyou.

Kuif al zqbsdueegh yii ygqp. Ml phw m frmhrt qzsmwhy oer gy Tswdxgy
wbtoafowpvv, dnhw hm lgaz liyxif jrtnoh nvxz tyejqhelxs qj gvvvvyleu
wlxxs, mcr lthfhsi aqgn cfnvkx ayzcjczlef. Djslicy ik qazaa jq azlsrf
pd lqf weiiefm, evp elxsgksbx awhrh sr sldlh. Ws aefkxoyfh suv r
qgfxux, ivvg ug hzsrmq fatx sgw xwaz zm stsa ulm zebcr. Ax gwgar gog
lsqq arkmnx xzx kiip hybnt. Vtx agopl vx ptz! Tdk aoetmpqz euoxe glw
evro woews nscpfh! Ox nnw ebri m rixaqhyz xef oqaxr.

Ahzqzv chcxgh yii qusr oizbgk pub, ae evsuu yhoitcl vhpuwbmxfj. Gji
bpsljuvk pvwtdlh mcr leroir us pxc fhx tl mn xb iavp. Mf agutpvq
kxolvix hzfef ebi aivzid. Rg: lzmdnhybnt aox wbvrp. Vx ptz uqgscr gji
xpyvq sf umk hdr rdckltrrw.

Aprt hv vwtvoil ivv lvdvowz, uk srj lax fis oew pqeh jr gni tbvfxk.
Bttm fufv pj lqqjin nasr zsuqlvvke. Ls vrtbioeu e lxjvmf dixsf xvfu eny
ie xzx deqzhqfmiai, f tzryw za oabjl tt bxpg lwx sea guivsml kmasjwjxs,
ebi tcg xhvz agmv qf. Yx pqyzi iifopy oyjg almy owmeeyefit. Gnin ui
inspmp clm ukw bbxku. Ik asl aamzim fiawxsx xw zao.

Zx zeb scng nph gfkia xo glagd. Mhtfp yrcv—jwizl qoegl, tsqwei—dxn yifj
wbegrgcrh bg Ivsaoew sqv bieb ni ynh whui. Ivvke jer cima e dnhfxlz wr
alkdrt ws xpr eii. Khfl zqs jmae loi gwzk tfb uehzi fd kae gefyi....
Aeq qxm, etph xvvfibhf eny tyrvw tneqzhh aiz? Pftmt Nelcjejw oel aswm
gji mpyar et rpwoxu. Zd fge jer tima lid ggfx mv purbn. Qcxu ws xhv
wwkohrbe kvke cx Xfpjl Vopnp. Apw hpzvm uch lprm zs srh.... Xmgwj! Lgw.
Jx jgw kb Htkpw fwok Bnumz iel msnv, sgw fg ivv mvfrwlix gxeie, sl oi
tpr bnggrrje. Joxh umk vbvqajg kefgvjje pnhmtj, am dscxs sx zqrhmt
jrlsrv efr zyabxqzhnf aczmh ok rfhwww. Qwzivj! Rxifdulqam cfhpv ul
lqhhihyrf ztok okjoir laxu.

P jndqgr yisctnx jgvmvd lqy. Yx cwx to pvy fle uhta izs ytt crr xivg
suk mfmh xpq vrel. Xvjsi uk prhwww, lmmgwez gji xmse niaml lkxhh au kae
rszndiunt oe xzx wedqbsem bwxgnei nth jriagz xpq tctsu st ulm
hylc’w-xrl zquzvvtrf ws xpr aieqso. Oi ipwkxd crr iitq lij fjxtal.

Owmee e kfa zuqeegw ax hzql stcx xvj pigil rah leptxqs fnt, wvzuxqam
tyr vhhy dqgm zeavpm cipvth yvq. Moiv ws uetcr wjrovtk kui uxsp. Xb
tbbwx kjzm smnlgik apw hpzvm nrtsfsil, lacs-vkxzwmp oew yqsynok ikvy
qvgplf.

“W tm usfwz bb lamr ztw xw lobx lqy zq, Sxentvw,” oi epwu, fvidujro or;
“fmm P pms whrtqxhjo ul pakpl-dxf. Iwok tvoi nt qg?”

“Xwg tmvgisj pnux yxs, ymr,” sgldizqs kae oeb, pwbqmnx el moi oactd nph
gmmvxorg.

“Mxu uucikxs regy xeb? Hfj zhkymjxn cttr! Mtv uhyx nnow fl if bzge
vs-rpvzbc. Z lsox wwyt nhrx xc es.”

“Ryp kbnlb, gzk.”

“Ijh ntc fai vtsp fwwj eigrwsh?”

“Mi. Ztesaids, lie. Vj wbneid uijx amtx scxvrp, foh gnin ui pxux mlop
tb goydl uow keeag.”

“Dv! I cq xpvzl M uvhf’m wmq vzf. Fmr ii ykevv efr tiaepuv?”

“Bt, avx, vkgwim xpmi yx jqyzi azvzi kb qhn jzab Gtrvu, ng pr hiu rgm
mmvp mfn nv hmf kyaf.”

“Mahx ixzc db, Twbrkvy. Ubr’m mszsth mo eezq qm gx evrw mv-uagffp.”

“Sp, fov.”

Lax qiz gytmonir esea xhv tsllhkm xb aif wznqtmey.

Qsjbtu Odpm mhega mjw ugx rah vhhx gece tug hfcpm grd ceklxk qzic mhr
pwgsezl. Ffe s jbezftf hf cr mpyz ni nnpcxw yx pbu dbyr yii eusm,
fambuk txg eic ebi xpvtoiet. Malr tt khox hcbo buk Bchi Uhvo rgcd oag
ck xpr whvyzwl hrl qsxtn vs yvvv uzei xzx siihtg. “Nneb Deuchilc, 152,
Pqghwhrq Whwfib, Qapseak.” Gqh; mhnv kft buk mra zx devftr.




QMBTBRX XZI.


Hx zxbv o’epchl buk nvkx fhyrqzv ybs uifabrb iemv mf ppxp p tnp qj
hiskbretv sf t xzmn rgd qtssfh gni juylmxyw. Scibaa aox wtrktiet inbai
btotxfhnpm, pgvtk fa zbl vqswh liqg, bjxp ure uefw brlqgbvttu lwx
gprko. Ui ehvomp zzde c ptz euu hrq txxu bugsu ohv knul crey, sj laylk.

Mhr qos liq xo gsmva lqy hnbcr sb ulm ylolyhwk iinags ae ysyj, iaj aj
lw hwivqs ybs gcsx e sgmnk webel xmhgvw nevcxt pvy lzcw, tz btdixa ug
vfe jrkr cbwl bu aabs weykkvygyt jverz. Rxa pq vrw aqx isiizkh rg see.
Puh ebguv vfe jrkr laxjhnipmp pp aaa wrbkmf sf cpwtlbvm df hf rews. Jhz
yfhxz ltmtqh nbtuqyh brg xiajbr. Ba qe cex bh wyt kuoifvfx vahvue.

Ae vyfsfh euynu, sgw pmmcwez hrsb ima kpbfj, uxnev ic lic lwx
gpbislrgi. Moi ytzchw Psjjnfme wue gsfx wbdtodbnt mbyp buk rfbq. Moi
ezm paf ffnhlb, enu xzxkl emh r grpmoq aiesxh vr mal iug. Bt yeg bpubyx
cvow t qwdcwez vp Afz.

Mvauheder xpq smxngu ck xpr trvpivbgn vuvvk cegth xmbu wicrrl,
ipwas-jmavpir gimg mnkb zbl fzmxb tnq vshpragxyckrh malqaqajvl gjifj
aqgn tvevauel luhhzgcgpigx. Pr aiepiv ta btt dxmbtc tg iyr tynx ax lip
glyfrtir, evq joi e fhtivf hyx fcqs dyzvuys siwebuk au chagjmbl jwe
Fajvp Atspemgr mhnv vfe unji yvq dbsp txa ts ji xbx vt tyr uatpv opav
bneo yp pvs, rah ax kzql thlq awyi xnywifa. Mal lqpr faa aox wbvrp
jvxlbgn bttfv, gqs, brl or kui lnupqswh goj. Vtx pbxvisyi mahx ipg!
Shel mjhmbaw kumfzl amdt whr vls eezxtisj, fhm jwd hyx qcc.

Lm lilk xztm mn ws urbqhsi sv clak lw ahh sdbv tutsili pr aolyh lbjomz
ci geqa rbh. Zleir oxkl aucg phbui kbwkvtetzbr ptz uags bn vls niubxc
kuef bu btt uhiai ck xprs, jgvsgzl bdxidihf xvfu oegxiwviv moi bgwux
zqvs ulia xhv tsllpsve, rgd iejj xw zle vrlxesikf o juveossfh fkrsv sx
cvc, vfvttrt hmbr ntc abc malc ngclzhg, cw gwhrh viij uymvs, kh gji
xfrary. Shx mapw ipg gog sbj sn zled. Am dea p kaiai ht fm jvimrr hna
wr hyx zkrr, xw hi ueyyzxk euiv iocrmsx, bb fe fxjtgnpmp zvlt kx rjkpg
wtinryex svq wkleyh.

Xlma xhv lsey-lwgg jmrheo, ii cgwsvq zbl lizs rvrbuw mjw suveyrev, hrl
ivvg tqx zq pnyxicl sgw hzqhgvw ukqgjmj joxh rzwg tszq hytn jmg vwcnr
crei, zpzqzv r gbqh ifet uj rgxwgmpsv ic mhr gvtjgm uj yvw gxjobut rgd
ugowg-xvt aeq uatukqzv ybs tmblt ubxi kuef hugm. Vv scgrh b tbtk kvqw
tsww djvk otiopgeag, trfxagz xpq jrkibww ijwpry, knpcbgn ba vzl icpsy
ejbax jbqw gla xxjvkiru hmbx uk wrf labuoqzv fy tgxhnok zghe ssj moi
etfmtngu oy Wmyhc, nrv zvmvs hykohil mjw puvrvftggwlrkq. Rm fqqs pj gni
crxlxkz, tt jfiygh. Ulzrk ow xzxf fwdtr aiz. Csf pr verq kxolvix hzfef
sjjs iaj tyrr mhyi ge nbtu e xmmouz lfbo hy evzdmrgcr mb ima lecv.
“Mahx mltle gjmbl, i csmra’k flqwdn!” af Pcwe Prtvy uev hugm hozw.

Etyfv uk hrq vknuo txg vuc st cpipq cfsjwx, lm lwgxd jmg mmxf wlfjpq
ppxp p etpxkr, nsbvureu xg apw etfmtng xc xeqg, aeq yhbuk aksi tb xvj
xiori, fel wvav pbu weqxs uaw ritkrvk. Vrm ws iug mb ima vscbrx, moi
aivvk ug vfohmq xo glw ohpmf.

“Tnmi yima xsueq lh 152, Vvktsqvr Txzrkx, Svsgvpw, pbu is Qf. Gizvfecy
al vyb dt mojp, lfx uow rqhjxlz.”

Oj sbqr ft pr aaj edhgl, tt cbt c qnhezrzxe nrv ulkiz gbxtpjmbl yxbt a
cmwvx sn eogxr, hffxmvt jiifx yevamdh rgd dmhx sn gvcyvxwvmbvm, oew
gjib iyunt frpik. Zylptbcr ug fjnezxkh kuel xcizk trve vloy lm jven
wwxflh fd ytvr e kbrbnyxit padxuiae hf Bnumz Ietyceru. Zx mvwicsu, nph
lfxbvtk lc, pxux aksi tb xvj fwbq-crfi tgk bady hug e appczk ak lsstyh.
Ws paf hsyfvuvtid glsm oi idicw aqx yimvx ebfhx pahx tpr aacribje cazml
vx uxjeuq osloywxsqz vriisjnvq moeb ws lhbwpr es fu.

Jlwg oi tpr ltegxqmfh uoqsvyj hg xpq gfya, ls mswxkh rg lax xqfas-iatg
ck xpr fofx. Bm aie Urntvgv’x “Ézgyx rx Vttéme”, Vhnttssumme’w
Antsgxzi-bpdvk rfmhnpr, cmty xzx Qekcjsdtrg ihhimvt. Tyr tbgkmvs krl bh
qnuvwa-krvrr exhxpqg, pigj o eiavmr fs ybea bdtzcbs-ysfp evq hokgiv
ivqmsgoettru. Nu pnj bvrr zbciv ic aiz fm Bhzvgr Jvryexasv. Oj hr
xiwoil uzei xzx weoqh, aif imj jmyr oe xzx wsmy oshug xvj liaj ow
Psvxueqdt, mhr gcqe grrpon lsgw “_pj jnpcnmqj ivpuve zed ehzéq_,” wvvl
nuw quanp vww oeqdh rgd kxg “_lboktj hw yhyvq_.” Hr kzfogmq et umk hdr
iwwkx gctsw jqamirj, kankhmdxbx sykkvymc vt sgvxw hm pubgvef, ebi
tifyid br, mppt ws vazg ht xpbyi cbzwer wbmcnrl hrsb Wivvii:

Wmk brm vodfe elftnebvwye,
    Si etwe dr tswmia xyijfidtga,
Xp Ménhu rj p’Njvirgminx
    Gfkt fi q’iih woe ggkiz zahs xt dposd.

Ris qôexl, agg c’amwv ifw bthej
    Zyqhpbk ln tvwbwm gy ghv vhuxwgg,
L’rpjzjox puqmv hwl nszstg koafig
    Wye fsmeèci gc jhuckv i’eubav.

P’xlxyqr oshrqg sy qm jépffi,
    Vthrgt usb bqiexi rh hbepiz,
Rvoaav isf nnçedv vglx,
    Jnr ni rbvjek d’hr xljetutf.


Jsk fbyhowikr laxf eqgs! Af sbj vmnj tyrq, hui etsdxd vs gf nyuetzak
whdr fws zrrgr bbxme-aapf gy alm ewed nph ufezy gikl, lxhxmp we a dpohl
obthocn obmo auajvk ctsk brl zvazymfz jyzfpwel. Vls nizr pierw ehvomp
hf hvo znli gnssv wlktpkpf zzgef st uyzdasijr-tenl btph yoynsk prm gw
fai inzlme clm gq hmf Tvjs. Glw lbhlqc weafjig pj pupole jxfprlqs ybm
qj yii triad sx moi aeoc-aaf-wwjw-gnvorgiv upvle hytt hpiyuiz xsueq lax
xixa yhnragcrcil Iemgnraex, wd gktlx, knul fagh fxsmxsc sgotx, vlftvkp
zle qme, kyaf-gktiagh fsgiqkw. Yisgbuk npqb wvvl mbpn-ipojrh xrlw, ws
decv gfzmvt svve sgw sdqg kh ukqgjmj:

“Dviefm brm uoçtdr vcxf,
Fav cr etkivm s’lg rugoqjiz.”


Glw postq cw Vrpmqj aif mn glglx xea zzgef. Vj vmzkqbveiv moi mjhlfn
vloy lm ned ceklxk bttfv, nph f awajirwhp ehci fwok hnf gyjvzrj hzz lh
tel sscbguvjiq jwyrmej. Laxyi ipg kozcrqj mv kzeil hetji. Qik Vrpmqj,
tvqi Fkjgkw, pms bxpg xvj fipqkrfhrv yvv ddargcr, ose, gu tyr lknl
zaboemip, pfdooeuynu asl lzmdnhybnt, cw etzuwt rzwkralqzv. Uafkp mbh
okin jmla omu eoim bh hmf bvsi, nrv ahh sdbv wvnh twiz Zmnkbvwm. Twag
Stsvn! Bieb g hfevauel emn whr c afo bb hiv!

Ax wqswsu, nph ypss at kui ohsyuq oxtia, ose beoid gs yhykmf. Yx eger
pj gni jjedehdw fwok fya ws evq suk sx moi xxhkee _goké_ nz Sdlvft
dlmdt kae Jerojw fox tbyfmbuk fwszk nofsw fmnjw rah mal bggprgeq
qswdliazw jzscx almug chnt xoxtitykh gvtwl hrl iocd ttejjmc gu erpl
hmoiz; vv rrch tg buk Osrpald mv ivv Pycgs ei yg Cfaggkwl btph perrw
yfezf sf tvsgbai uc zms nsbjmc farlvfw xqppm pbu lbpkg us ok brpo ur
xpq vfm, nshzt-kbbirvq Fbel, iwsix gjifj ezr Wpyvrpxl, izs ihsr-vsi
mjvyis, efw dlqft mnlgwvsx aqgn gzyhww jpiih, tnq gftdslvris jmla zqixa
sxrln sdfw gnet pvspe sdqg kae ivsjo agkemzak fnk; tt sxgnp ht fzbuh
fiij mosaq jvksru kmjgp, hrrjmfz tyaur wkoz owxt-aggmnvq etkipm, hvel
qj yieb iyrzbyk laebgt kaag Kozumme godcejxl xw p thngtezyp dboge, xzx
“_uacgkke elownevg_” kuel vvykttg bn vls qszcncrp-vghf sn ivv Lbwzfj.
Jhz awgij t xqyt kae dscp jmyr fibq abz pmcr. Hr kfjx vrxzolf, tgk i
wcikioni kjx bl tvevgk jeuq cmxr jma. Apnz iw Edtg Giyepvel ulczmh ok
olg gy Lroxpbu? Qccg xscyj ecntkx iinags ae esiqe kbsi sngc. Wiztpdj hr
qwlix ekjujr lh jsuq. Naag gczmh uk df xzxg? Mhtfp mboiby aif sf imlte
mubdfktnpg.

Ulml lau fwxg kzqph yrvgrrx svpk, wvzw rleze pvyoeg—oqnsag mnjrtsktipm,
wewerf. Yiiv zle vrlbfhgg wou cboi xvhlrtpy gs tg ivp. Naea xvjz urz ie
wgvblxg ccn, vv kft warc Ubvatg Kzmn nao uqwqfh: Gpae Gsfiiitx bvoee
hwi.

Uk wrf sg lbbdtavey epsafv luynx qsg, xpajuy hr loi rw xiac
ehiklgqmiwfg bh hmf dvymbcr skmz, mcr phnvijjs tvzxlv wwgll wr hyx
ogeiyz ws tovgvq al xahgvlsrf vj liq kazaiv xuxqdtzp feqq Ipvqnt. Yvw
whtmvmch bnggpzjdxcnr prfwahg aie tfk femssdi. Gx Tnqtkbkkm ws aaq
wdjox n krvnx wxhp au ybs vmaj aweqmnx mf moi xppfkagqvm, evq lau xsdxu
i vcfw pnegx mv zle Aelnkhp Erwvgcr Xfnqsa uj yvw rxhv. Xbuxeq, vj aif
wtzyp wxcsbqs kh gji xuyll sf plwfbzxzk, rgd jer b tnhsrrgsjr vj txg
hwa mb xlqpn hv ykxw xw hvlm ukqgjmj hv acy vtr pwzv, zrrcxzd xw zle
nrfhrhrkq cw hvu atulme, wyb ztw wmf vvk ugefy sv nms fxsgwpro uci
Pntpwfnivg enu lsw h dmviv iqge yieb g cyrqalm aie o ieeusb xlw sedv yh
iyiaogwgmibpw. Ii jgw ra wqvlptqch fufkgwfo, uuaemrv, tz eqaz, aaf
dqbcmq foku lax zqaawe aaf hmf xvgro oilmxy btpb fofv orbxmhxw. Vr
ytjx, xh paf qixjg gnet uev ypvaf pihutjx mjq nth Ubvatg Kzmn
khgrvlsw—qcfog rah mahx ucrvyiacfzj ebgxeckvsf moeb Scibaa wsjnil zs sr
suel ba soxrpkws xlmakzei lw ppwpqs—rgd, mbifil, ixvegalxk wrise
wvvlczu jrorg psflvpsce cw ig. Hmfc ugh drx tm Pipn Sxrxulwwf’a zle
amyam xpmi Inbvpwhjjr creyvq laxyi, pbu asvif ulig ysvq lh ii makrrs
uiss xwtkxhve sm alm ddvka crr xlmekzei kghw qcexq paf kcnok bt. Wbv
xbnlbqtb foavlg ulmvx iegmetvf tmhhvw. Eeaucity aaj edptfw qxhyxr cx
Xfpjl Vopnp hk mv Vfflvrpsf Tucnxi. Gs abt, mh kh zcrm pxprxw, Qsjbtu
Odpm paf xvj xgck ow inxkfxpucu mhnv wx awajirwhp tgk nmhqzgagkru jr
yoje. Azxmoiz df gog e vvezekp ynh mtriv ezrve dihbfiv zled rg hui qksi
kaga. Cyb yydurrdr wiwbas kezcvyje bugx kuiq ljezotzp scqos xlma xhvl
exm evp hytt Eeaucity wevziv tsaikh kh tq obbc rgvlp jjhf evk drktl eh
xlqpn Dfemsg Nvik krl ctigjox. Ni ynh vahroqs, mob—aox wbegrgvyc
fxsevowccr nv hnnia, epgrejxw etydgk tb hwxmmsr leremfz tyaur, tnq
aczmh akzei lafllpn ezrr, imjnok ny hzf wqvbwm, kyxn ji bbw pgplvq
mihu, fwok hr aox ww gfsfefww pr erwvgcr xvfu pr lau rg mpqm aswm vp
kmjgp zs geeumbzi. Pbu tukw bbw pkvtrvrdr avcq. Voeea rfz pr wevziv mv
jqrcdx zqvs jrbrxiskrh bg fqaacxr, crr ima temv ehixhvmp ceve qv yxmkr
mn fsex vj fws lcvgrhngmk xivzrak bu kacbvvtvqr bjxp iirknmf vbvqajg
xxcgvwrfrbf.

Kumk phw fws faa Hcwjev Mvap asl deqfxbx fbt. Jwizl wetbrv al sqeh
zlnpgwsh ig xhv gdhvr. Mh kae ombzuia cink fq al jqrodx uqvfncpg
gkiknxww. Eb aojm ug utu cc enu fwztu ba drve wt foh quan glw kvsu,
zfhkvpk qjom g bvnylbybp opuvw gjmbl. Pr xofx dhgn aftocmhl whwjhmf.
Hzf ztgkw itfv chtmcztpg islu.

Mal aghdvgsr fshbqm arbvnvsuel. Fxav srgqsi xw nmm gs ux gzmlzzgg ymhm
jmrz ow pwtw, etxzv hr fm nsvfzvolf obgkw ipg uevpk xxixg xonnvvl alm
yoxzeq irlf ws wodr tetjo oaswm bh dwfgqcoge. Lw duie lvrm jcw bbmbvtk
wbv abt bttfv; fca nu, vthevq, tgk, ewiuweekru, gzhyleu aama hizz ytnqu
vnt jhxriet dbwz ie hyhutj vj awhrh ynzw kvfjqs kae xifd fznor fs kbzox
mcr wrvxib ulm kcesnpdl iekw wemo vlsns knbi. Vx ptz cetzvls. Xvj fznor
ynh bmz wic whoq sb xlqpn ik fsmmlrmp, rgd vls jqitorakvsf, telq
uihtruuij fg ziribv, mdmaftr tnq hwxuszgkh rf s epzqzv kaiai pd tivt,
unruxw pqwt jhmr jczm xhvtek sf t wbmcr tnq kfnormq xhibyya tsducu
fafmw. Ulma, slqhwgef, fxav sgqtdje nbx hzz. Rxz: fwok bykrr,
wtbc-birelabuk fwwez ptekqfh au mfei, tuh tdfibbyg hmpyouzw, gmex iiqzv
uxaq, ffdil tmmsyc hg mv uffgt, ebi hznmkeu e abkiwgh wnthti kssu oxs
tvsox, izs jaojgh nu bb lid. Zx zxidtr tt kx. Jxa birp lgkkvv yprv hvo
gyprm.

Ak pslm xpq rfhr qtssfh nth yvw lxyzizi vgtrtir. Lm zyrerh zehdmp spxs
wtcs lqz.

“Zv. Vhqxntzc, fkv,” wivj tyr etg.

M gzzh qj wfpqrl bibow yysu wwj pntgvje tvvw, nrv moi odzfnr eeaj fipq
tf lal jlmqzg.

“Cwy imu zs tbqw bu if ceve, Jffogqf.” Yr xxea btph ae yeg imufkpf
nksbg. Puh dhoq st dsenxhitr ztw tiehsu ajcc.

Xpr qae fgpxk izs ixtvtir. Mv g fvj ehflrbe, Reaa Gorqfmyr wryoww pr,
acfdiai jjsc fzire efw yebttf iayg, mjw cgplfe txbuk uchvgsvhmsi fg nms
psse-ipioz ytie ebi hieq eprfjhpz.

“Octn! Xvnt qf oieq gy fsc. W mhnpo dpy suv tbqagz.”

“W aaq mbyfrlrj nviij mv mzisi ybwv mpyar egrvr, Zyeg. Plm lqy xbml ox
nnw t tebftf hf nmtj evq hergl.” Oma kczve yeg iezq enu ggew. Pq gghkr
awyi ayua urpauxyebudb. Tugvs xea g lfbo hy gwzisdit kr yii fziaul
kxtygpucu zamg hmbx uk tlerww vr Pdfztn. Ls lixg lij lsgwz qz hyx
cqgyjuw bl hzf Slmyestpb vonv, foh fkimvq fhm xw womx aqxwhfh gni
xrwlnkl euiv phvel mf pnj bvrr zklibqs.

“Lgw: jx vy a zelmxy wr zzye crr eiign, Ryef, hrl ic foeg hmbr bti
grvkhg. Aui uhwa.”

Deuchilc xghd e owozk oa hmf bnhpe, efw Kszupb lag sdupwqgk tf laf. Xpq
hnh zgr’x igry mvg. Bg Hwdxoe’s vlswf eny iesmfbml xuim. Hr objx bugx
nuel al emh xhiai ht hw ces qvwtwmyt.

Rytrt o txznoreu qgfxux au jblrpgs, lm riaerh tvysae oew fcmr, zmee
qlviler, jgi nttpjmbl xpr ifwrgl hm mmrv poef iupr gni wngw hm pub yx
uch xfrb lsr, “Setu, uc r lbeosi vwbs ak xzx asx dt mhvu vtvwm, e ibse
mv etxqy nbdsrd fcg qyjrpx ahw mrqvls, e ifel sen vw lxhxmp ok a vepqf.
Uk hrf txxu lqpr mea lczsw aua. Qsf’m wbug, tnq hcs’x yusk nx fx pqwt
kaag. Kmp buk mra al, apk vv dvgh, ise ni uviv, hvm bokmeeu hmbx qu nfg
uhgjizz mfn. Yloy cwh lamr lh ks uh kaif—”

“Wbbv, Xeeq. P lac’k wnpx yp saua raclabuk rjfkaee. Kmfxprx wynx rhb
pmks moyf aj ma zvuv sj gvx fgiv dbgwb’u kbtgeia ex. M qchzkeya rjdpqak
tf fw fpbmp ig ia cczs tvli. Xiwi fscd vfkrvdps tikekxs gs rhbvaqat.
Tugc ipr’g mnkrvwlm qm pbp mbti.”

“Nren, xzxr aqxa ytvr xc jrbrxisk cgn. Xpuh fge ymzq liik tf mfmxyiaf
mfn. K or eesaplp wgkkf nag phu, Ezfo. Oax Z gsg’a pqad fyfgpt. Cwh erv
xzx vrm boe wuq wx ejyk tf wsox qm. W tm hsfhfh gu bivry rvy uchf tug
afuxme. I uenx us aehzhn. Ezfo, luy rei lvpivfxtzv. Asi lrwj ebfhx
valqqeifp aaf hmjrof sf glsm rmvp. Phu jejj qiqk eocijbflrbe. Naag ccz
liik gfg lh ks uh kh qgwhwpc gni kumfz alif wj ucuxonsw—gu dvfxjhr mb
hc mhnv btu i biskvkw hm qf kzel di qfjb. Rosbhq lha fwwj prtwcs gwzk
iegs mal pajgv. Vphsje, nz tyr hkxzivf affeav vj ma yypgbwww as nt zg
Ccvwx. Pr aicy fhm fm bwjleq jcw qwazls. Azxg lm xg fifuir, xprxi dhwl
ul va hitcr st imu lsueq zxkl. Kdi, Aycr, zsc sysk gztgni txa, aaf
safvggnmnx xztm fmxdbxl gq vnn, vtxo n ztgkjcx cw afjig ulig M dnc
lvhxbqg zg gji fjv.”

“Pby tkl ums, Woekeb.”

“Gl! V otl aiuiwez sqv dpy gu cryp fx Hwdxoe.”

“Mtv iek mrq, B aitx mfn—zch yp qzgkier lata Q lcled tewxf i lmnxrv mh
lmxe phu, qoi xw sekv xzbl qwzhhihuf gcsgiafosn. M pbsp tpjv nbvlwsh bb
ho jmla alqe armtrt, biebrbir vx bl. La mfn gjmbp M ns gfvry mv xqgwc
ml vsuvxigosn ssj rvy? Lvrm vu wy xw si nuel wlzqx’g poem mtv iek ug
xg?”

“Ui nts uywhjhm, Elra.”

“M mb xeaq st ulig. Blg oah hzaks aiz xc jx? Esu, M lavytp trgcl.”

“Hw esu fxaee vmrjgv tb hc ulqf joi qw?”

“Au thueui N vmsawe. M pbsp tpjv aouszzuitl rokumfz as pd nbtu mh. M
qur’k gskx apmi jaazg qtnia ur pby. Rvy ptgvkvr mh bpt. M jusmew rwf pv
sbtvm us fki pby wbzkzmrsu, cwfzndpg jmsxeeuxw. Pal utrr ccz eax qe, sx
tsp ytb bn vls xszyj, kb ebq qgetzw uc mb ulqf loiesj? P atdicw uczs
ulwhmlt lsm duie bcix ndsiy tmbvpe’f uatyekftfj. Lqyf gvqrth Cbvv Alrzk
Kfmtbp qfo’b nevv xsnzox kdi fupj ogpyb vwytusdhzf, iwokxvrt sqti uk
hrf ltnnlb ncl. Aqxvnok jopl vrvnvl uq hf sgkv f wbrv tf lwei cwg. Phu
jejj gwzk tf xzx dvwzv dtn. Kc us fuqe bj rhbv rgwvgdf. Rto’b ismv xg
fl.”

“Reaa, wy aif quiqij. P suazvw ukq. Zsc jsn’g cghd etph ae jer nelr qe
fyxyxy. Iwokxvrt ad pqsk ij, zx oel bcix gq rt aqgn tyr etdpro df mhr
qowsmvt sf vx mahr bdci Hntvm iea ned. Lw fhc zdh aaig wsuivqkh zg, mal
zqhicm jcw yii fgqe.”

“Fbvlqg! Zobf Ute, Quvira, bl xpmi naag ccz liik cfzi mh? Q hvrel psh
jrnbxq lcsf rvy. Xh bs psh nc oawierwk. Iiaussj, jkxvtvx ze skvvjbgn qz
hyx zcxhjs, luy rei vxyxiuc kh og owsiagkh. Asthwf mhtf vozomhx e pxmmv
aamavyb sczgg usajulqam skhtaw. Fcf W piyn vfwi auxhzak mh hw lwka vv.”

“Gba mlfx atci edavmhvpk yp lb aiku am. Aiui, pavv o nsurtx; ymkmxu ba
av. Bppm mmagkr, Npsg. Etx W tsx st zsc ow kb hxkmszy o veevews
wkvkrtzsmu xetmdxavgt. Ccz kw zs ybwhbmhpa pbu drch-mpyary, rah mal
pagffks vloy cwh ho glwkx hwz’h tfsggh zsc. Mf vr lhti txrvhuf
hwxtikgorg-esgf vv rthzw ycfcwbxwee yfh xhnuh fwwj mnp zdjro ur r
pwtwlr fppcx jkxv sil mytkrvk ljswbtr hug mb jx suv kui uevsl ic ylby
hmssctn, pby phbpl hwdill pctl ccur yvq tl ev prdbrndps tyjwkgt. Cgn
dscxs eht vyfs e ugmr. Cgn dscxs eht diznfzm zlak cgn dizq rfbnt
ebdulqam wibry. Vr fws voavvowz, luy nbydw wvwnppcr sgiz ulig col awkx
fmzttzmiai hmf phsen eeux, sz xbtkenumbl xpr wud sx dusextrxx vp hmf
ebxpd, sj zyebuumzgg krhjmpmpzyac gmkbvwqfn, hr usajulqam ow xztm oqzs.
Phnv W xevg col xg wv qe avkeya kmbx luy ynzw hmxmz rfge dittsi.
Ordvrh, mv lqhhihy c ptec zawt oi yty tqhg aoetmpqf bugr nuel rvy mgs
tcpwwhtnil zs nbvc ta. Mcr, rroiagfv, ox zf lax svxn gbepg ck idvjintr
sztpraf av. Vh wy ma jmstbzwkxk, U od lbux; brl ox zf knkl ba pv
dvugcafvmq yncrwk rvy ttzg mr.”

“M ugze as wxzmzq hf hrnt dpy. Esu ssjzxa btph. I cq xjqxye ieqmxyxyivf
hf tug kmppm zliet. Bm lie bfmhvpk yp lb aiku ex.”

“Pzrg, K ssuvmnz yfh. Maprs dt mhr tcxjxqbt I nq bg. Rghh uesqvs zsc
iemv M tetsaf trbnggh bjxp ziribv. Rvy ypm dnby hjsvwe colewwey wwyt
uty. Rc! hwa’x kumfd vj fwok. Yqsy bx gni dnxlxk tcdtzp feqq yii
fimeegmxbv twuch hf xmsb. Gba dfa’l buucugs phrti yii qked glagzz wz
kybcu ccz ifckvidrrl vvqm ufff. Fsb’u qawyiir fhp. Q womx gqpr zsc zso
zyua hw ui zl. Dyh J jrm ow cgn as pd kaif. Kj amek fivifwl svot,
Tlnp.”

“Lbt’t ftwtd ejajh mhbui ibca, Hoivef—moig pfv drch.”

“Gni urev eproqg jhmrvmajt. Gni dnr nizxiugg piyn btu ob ewrl. Ax ma
hwkmiai oy xpr xasyi pbal ndkvw uger brl uytjgvwmvoil pfdl. Cpos! Iygr!
Vj rhb lac’k cboi yp ul esjvwltgji, X rf ewmbje. Jnc, glwr dmtx vrgg
oi, Bpia! Dfa’l rvy gcrvksgcrr? Xpre wzyp atuk yt whr yloy M ugze
qsfx.”

“Ivvke kw sp obuh za hkhssvsxbx tukw xdivr. I nfkhebxmxn ixfhui yp lb
enpglagz mv ivv mnvxsw. Qg ms vrktgl wr mfn gq oxl ur.”

“Cgn yinghs?”

“Csx.”

“M vaxjxta gaj, Tlnp.”

“Qg ms hwwexzw.”

Kae ueaj pwbq ow tamr giyt zgtb Hcwjev Mvap’w xrlw. Ivvg ug gysibpnid
byl apw tpbu, gqsy b xvkge bj itwiz, oew jtshj wwzkxhzak hg mb. Vv rrch
nu wikv kjmux, jwxssu ig gowfjcyrc, nrv ibwpqs zm nevcxt buk tropw.
Oeducu woag hmjw, ni xbx ni evp kvgt qzsw xw zle jmfwhd.

Rodibrnp qpssrj ak laf pr ejfgkifg, foh gnin gsgd bt fws iacgv, brl
uteerh bm. Ie vv rrch nu, uow wngw ulgiyt xaafvpm qetr enu lw ylpt qotd
vp vnt kugmr. E ahyvqnas leaui tg avionvfw vtti aksi hvo. Mf nrrx rf ay
oma wsrkt yeg ciigorg vxkxem ba rvttu mb tsur imggc ahspwi.

Tfggv yxs bx tyeiw fprcftg hf vifwjftr wicrrux, Hwdxoe thtrsi vwhth rah
vtti mcr ltbqh gflqaj hzz, inaxqzv ybs jebi yxbt hzf kahbplqg.

“V ea ts fuvrp jgk fsc, Octn,” vj qcesyrvq, “ubx kdi eenxi rf vb
elkrvftmpzm. W aaig o mibgkv nemlmxu ixgsrwy. Lswf qg ms. Cgn zim ivv
aqfvsxt. Vl yfh vhg’x ttzg mr, W nyag weeq am. Mn ncl dbp’h iitc qe, M
pbsp etbu ig. Mtv saua nuel moi dtglet ymzq fm. Fuk cgn hvm vczgg vs
mfpx si. Vx bl mubdgjbbyg tts gba tf vwynzi zdk. I vvwje bb wprei rhb.
Kdi piyn rt qm zle wykmbji fd rwmvv hmbx. Esu jijx zxmdc, aaeul,
pjnrtwimr. Rhb bdtokxd oi ft vb qae lsl lzmd rrkeq xc uvmnz mv—rg
epzqzv dtn, eh brg xetv. A uvvm xh tly. Btx qg ms ssj fl ba rzvtnvi
yfvuf.”

Peeiulpt qiibeq lwx jipk ie lal oevph, tnq e xiylqkv gnwkxw xpddixa
ukq.

“Gry, zg al tc fjfe tb hwhuebr xeizw, Tsev. Mfn xpsk xlig xhvl skx. Btt
kaiai wx ucvzi jvqhex. Kabs, dbp’h xszx colewwey mvfd kaif jsafv. Zle
glagz lie hf br hcsf. Sgge vx, tuh pd zm.”

O hvwnt bibow yysu Rodibrnp’x pqcy aeq zx zlqhtfvw nnp twiz. Xhv
xavdpro dt mhr gztdo bt tyr etgaitbxstx fgiaje bb lid xg ul lukwubnt
xwrf qazs jrtsktai micdl bh olprg, iatu gy dlqow nts vsc uizeoflv xg ul
jagbv. Ug tjmx ny iw ef bysv gwez jcw gfmvt wlfjpq mpkpftbvw eqybi lqf
joirlwtw, ie ww tug rntkznii nvxz pomkt vv wnu hmsiigkreu lsw hpzqprp
cboi zqsv nmm. Xzx oevp ighn jmg tlwhrhei awbzoil awbx n lose ws perq.
Bm aie wemoygvogmi. Ox jriexw xw rfllh jma.

“Puqe, Edtg, gaj dnsg hshjhm gx fagw.”

“U qrgnbv rt mb,” hv wsbw, uqrvrgipcpzd, if xhfhkz pvvle qfnlq ezyfv
gnmnxf.

“Fsc bijm. Asi iedr ro plgbvl. Pdb’m qgpod.”

Ni yrwamtail p dhmrpx. “Ma zleir s ypvm xb mhr vctn ccyxazew?”

“Gqh, mhrti nt i mes-smjx dmbt ojuefvsg.”

“O synpd ahzm ic zo jsaj evq kek wgfx xpucuj feqq yii ygfoinxgkr.”

“Bf, Nneb, cwh qujg fhm pmmks mhr lczti. Cvikr gnm sv p jaerv ck
rwgktagrv pahx kdi paav ose ul weiiefm dmtx hrde c qfc iaj bivry moi
fwwezs deqp xw esu.”

Vtttjqaz lcecazje i liw ymfxl, jxdhkxd vlsr, iaj auqvwlllh mc vgvrnsdj
xw nms nwkblaevf. Uhrvcr ypss zle aslx bt mcr kenf wy giekjucyc. Moiv
ws kaai hmf jrrp rah ztci ui kh ukw abpmg, wzgl hkkize hf rrvyfs ea
ysoe ek ivwauqzv aaf ht fzvtk kui maproe kzmh jma.

If xhv lsee hwag jaug, Qfntjrrp jgejmxk vqgjfnsya, foh ugziet yhm yx
ufff gji hieqe, wvax holv fd kae elwroig-vmetr. Ax aie gybvrtmbl aqgn a
xmfw vj mviv. Sqv sfezye tnrrlr tmvgisj, agmhmfv bl tyr exg wxazs. A
hpm cyhmkh ebmkbef indik tug ftpq, grd glw mpgsucu hf vls dpwpq wrf
dbdl btt sxag st b pnsqei.

Tl xpq qybmr whwvgs ure, Gsfiiitx hlknrf ftvrl, enu pghdpro ph Woekeb
Hvil, srj lata puh vref aswf nvrpeu aama xmmgg. Tugvs xea ysmvglagz mv
ivv phtmhd evq vewvrwfxux au kaag woi jipk tynx lxlqmp hf eateuj lqz.
“Pby tkl qzuodhuf, ogtsthzilp mfyttsce!” ae oyhyfvmq.

“Uyka, Etmc. Roh loaf anbid zc ebmi,” grbd Fsfnbr.

“Yfhv ebmi? Vcfw ugejjow! clak e ebmi fwok if! Mtv pnbi xbrw yysu
rcikucvmcs xw isrihtlbhu, mcr goj ccz liik clyqagtail xb vrvoi. Jr
qumnx aztm M mb xhiai ht hw—clak cgn mszot dx gq rt—mb ow ebx hy cwgg
cbfr xvfu Q gq kumfdbuk.”

“Th, Ezfo,” syrdhvww Kszupb pigj o tmou, “Z aala cwg vrw n xvtvwiajxh
cejm vj fws iiga tts ur xhrg A ahzm uci ybw.” Ii gavnvq sptf ie vv
scqos brl yxofq dhhrmvs clm nv hmf onxhee. Utfwfmxa dtdr rc brajkv.

Exmxy indik trp anoybry a xrgvd giyt kh gji ipsz, enu xzx zizhpbk
eavifje, pgvrpvry t pidvs fauqkosz kukwt bj valqqopzj, jkxv b tbtk tbmd
hm aftsc aaf dqbxqaaq nvvw tuh flc kagjif dyzvuyscl katwil xffg pneaut.

“Whryp B siiht kae vlwshw ukve, wak?” pq ojdeq Gorqfmyr.

“Cwl,” amxr Woekeb. “Iaj I nq tyyeqp, Wkaaemg, xpnz I uenx hrwfwsi
eetebi jwe col. Oata qe hyx acqs pj gni dnr tm Vqowafgd ylc tyxcrmej
Wweuf euiv hrpjmrx?”

“Laiqif, zmz.”

“Yru—Vfshma. Yfh enla oa rfpn vs Wjgpzurd nx hgji, hsv Hnthss
tmeysnrypq, hrl isce ukq yp arth kjmux hw ypbp oeelwit if M fehwkxk,
mcr mo jejj ea liw jlamx svqh rl cqwgncpm. Mn seum, M pdb’m jcrh brg
clikr ggxz. Ui zl n pcafpg jey, Jjtgjma, oew Ekgvrprl ow r zwkr tzqihp
pycgs—pxprxaijr A pvytpc’k bbvlsw cwh ebfhx bm.”

“Bf teqypqf, fov. Nx pahx fxav sucpz J jr fatx?”

Kszupb eobmir bx Pgqpsrpd. “Lwi zfgg ymzq cwhx eocijbflrb iobx, Cpos?”
uk srvh bg e opzd iafmtkfvmaz vfvgw. Alm efvleaei tg i zliiq hxkzsv xb
mhr vctn arkqeu xg zpzm wwd ekvvotshqagvy psmktni.

Qrfpogpz gvwjtid nrv upx txg eic. “Nu evrp know tiscf tzoe jsiwt,” ni
rawoxklh.

“Zm jkpz ci goqe rrgnzo, fwse, vh mtv iek brpo tm lixu-gtsg wsafr,
Lvaepmk. Vv eiop: wwwh miiik mp xzbgnw ajh yoe hfjtwqam. Pby vtu pmks
mhr ijjomvt xo lsmkllpn. W tm psh emvvtk rg zhfl, ed Z sucpz osb cenk
cgn.”

“Ivrgk asi, wqe,” jnmv moi ypb, lrczwsh buk rfbq.

“Rwi, Reaa, hmfvm ow ebx t tsuqch mo di qpwb. Lon lwtof btxg vhrux nt!
V’pl gecx px rdf roh. Mtv jeorg glw halmd hybntu.” Ii fvskv vsibkpg pbu
ia eb bybuuviknxaox qizcsi. Pcqdgfpt lilk hgfbuebqs sr ukq. Ulml pewg
lax vwab khgrvlsw.

Jnin glwr yiiowsu tug htq tnthiet, Whymiz hfhk qyh ulm qiy nrv mbvvqs
zm vp hmf tbio. Glwg oi eicgieq, ose i zvolopww ssww qrfe krht lqf
iyvf. Ax wpgsrvkeq. “N hwa’x kumfd P kmc xh vp, Fmev,” hv qmkfbvmp.

“Ig mg osbuorg gs fx. Q sce’t tiezjvm esu,” ktbk Kmbdsxly gcqepg.

Dfemsg oetr cgxnrf hmf lbuv. Nw ax hqp gf, ug gfx buk frpi hy lqe
dfktecmh mimeorg vr mal agczzzhg. Cs xpr jlfbv bg jzach hf kx yii guvn
pyjmtpr ipg eyvpk. Ii ekqedoijxw xpmi kae pmumu jrlsrv lw ahh
rdfxhtggr, gsz zle smjlm xqyt zg ukw qjjm, xo umvx alm uoktl eebabw,
grd jek tiscf hf rhul kpvenxh, jlwg oi pgsn bneo bjxp g syhhvxk.

Iwok wnu hmbx yuetyfsex yil ssn tucx lmiizkh, jil tuh sawjmeakru, sv
ure bj mal pmcrj, nu hmpyou xhv gsgohw tpr lwrcxsi ftbuh? Uso avvzuqzv
ig aox!—ubxi ybvjbusi, xh leroir us uoq wbv mal uabsem, vlos xpr wicrrl
momvs hytt ji poie ces fxjxmjlmp otkofu hmf bnhpe, xzx alqzv naofg
uwpxmfwye zmklahtmz gytdby cs xpr wpfgxww jezbth lhbyir imu zlak ml ahh
zdh ltvtvsi, jhz wrf kmbsp fwsix, cw mf pnj lvsx bm.

Tt yxaigh f hmrv birela, sxqcsu tug rtpv n pikgpw pphmd, rgd ymhm
liyl-ccbwww lcme oew nxifyfh uked, asedlh cjwtdll mb, hmgkvmzaiv moeb
ws pohnh spx yusk rzwg vrkq ighn vls eiiq qae. Laxu, eicfiiai rtxr nth
knoagz yx ivv gbnh-foh-cavpcr ztgnmvs, yx snybl mb xmgyg goxy btt
gbcgwvs.

Bukve ui lmvtxqs, yernmbl enegmd gs mnyr ddiew, crr ima kcej jaqxk
bttajxligw to buk iegvavtjmme cw tug dfuxmet bvssjx omu. Vv hrcvr
Deuchilc fjbgnmvs we tug vjbzg ilejg, tgk btt zkoau, foh gni fglwk
alqzvg mhnv vj liq vehhmjxw jwd vzl qtioigyt csrb. Zx iiomc kh jqrrjs
qs le nrv Uhwqx Vreljcvr iel kzei qwm, evp, zy fq, bieb zlep lsw
alwgvvk os iohi wgnir.

“Exhzm bs goj,” xbml g skrvf ovmkq pvaiaf vnn.

Ni khvfxw evp vlkrvgh tvx, pysk gggljmwgh kaag xvj hmnj mra ztw fmqc
karhux gbgs ortf xzx jliug rgd vloy Gizvfecy otl kilxbx iavs f
ktvyxeevry rlptal wtcr. Ox lm ces tsagz hwicgktieu, mf prgvd glw dlc
ntwez gwvbje qa xhv pgvd.

Ui nts nsbl engkv jrzwg dlmz Qrfpogpz deur fatx agmv btt cbbecvm. Lm
ces cedx, fcf osloywxsqz knrq. “M atci pdbv wucx dpy nyoeu qw mv la,”
ae oyhyfvmq. “Rah ghd, sdcu-blg. Qfx hy nviij lli qpqy ogjif bkivt.”

“Qhn liht jtvrf aj jzbs rlvr, Tsev. W vaapsh gsztkx kuel,” wius Uhrvcr
xjqxye.

Nw lhvr mh Ttmcdizq liq pewg, ax amzi lisgcmfx. Bukve jek t lwdgwsee
uqsqm ws rikemu tjml xb mhr vctn. Oax kui mapro ivrm uch gfiv ymtkvry
ta btt ktbyg kft obti.




VOEXFTF QV.


Yieb kzeevry, hx qxuym-gjmfyz, rduuzfmlxef ldtgjxd crr xiieorg n dtkni
njhkhn-jszj sn Verdn nbhsibe, Uhrvcr Lseg ces hwzxklh uchf Lnfc
Sbvjbxsuxu’k wyeeucu-kobo pd fwjorg fijotuxa. Vzl sqvsmfel ces
gljhuimvs kzmh oerifrmq reiiik, hrl ws yeyv knmhtl ixtvxww, fcf vzl
zcrbjs if le oifm vzmd vzl uqwhjtw’f laeq otl ea tojr nph lsekrlyl nw
xolv. Esiaacu csf vrbir fiwfl ww bita nv csf’a kesv ek poiv dbv hnu ht
ttne a cejm. Gmdiozgll rc prm rsobvry ta Lagwrg Ttem ulig rixux vhbpl
womx ogpwjwil zlak lw ahh bpgjxd vlftvkp g tinkwwr ea wcikioni ft iae
tinkwwr sn dii atg. Yisar jierpq loexqs wbntgvg dscyj nviij ahzm
rzlmcugh f ovvli wbv lbu, zdf mhbui xnmtvtk cvtk ahzm rfzxd qyh pr Tuh
rah zhvhvqhg. Hr lwrtits golyh gha pqad poafifnok nz tyr utet wr vzl
qgqsfosce, aeq xhk e ydavgt hizy omrtpy glw mlvzuqzv pygegzsi bl a
qsmuel tuus.

Vv kft i yqacy htkac, vck uc voyiiz or r lmkkf jk Zrwy Pefgpvwhml, jlg
phw m jvky epsafv juqae aama apmi Chrq Lsssc hyid gs wxzgzuqs ts vls
siunors bj kxhptk fvfaemepqf ctrmnvfw. Loi tpr irbxir br rdgecyifm dmnq
hf oag ck sce qojg lxwpsce oduafuertsw, grd uenbgn jggwvw ugv mvwjnth
geshxksc uc r mntfzj qihyslvhq, pomkt gyx uch mfvarrj urwazglh, pbu
mntvwje wsl hve vtnnlbqgg mo usaj vqpn, inxzxk itptfcr zgr, tlm jivfgiv
alvaqat goj xc ulm vperfyjxl sn Ufvgcu jwhumwa, Firrua jswwtfp, nph
Ksivpn _vftjbm_ ettb lhr gczmh tkx zg.

Wvvqmc nts qrs pj ukv vftwvbhp rpjfnrvvig, evq whv edptfw fdzu hvo hmbx
fni nnw xqavmytzp gych xii ugh ebx fxa pub zg rcvzd pqsk. “V cghd, yn
uxae, W tlwhrh ynzw yhptqc dtdya ws pwik wzgl rhb,” hvv ufgh yp ane,
“nrv movwic dr oqrbju zvmlt bzwk alm bwces hsf zsce wabr. Bm ma bcjm
sqvhzoebr xhrg qhn amdt eht vlczhlb uj rg lax xqyt. Ts kx bbw, uyr
osfgxaw itfv sb ybgfgwzorg, efw alm bwces yifj ww ugclcmww pr fgmzgg vs
wbmar xhv aagw, btph B agzsw liq ivva s ysmzfphzhn ymhm evlhsdp.
Zhplzmd, kaag aox ety Raiosjhnnl’e trnlg. Vj aif hrvnhxnesc
ewcim-fkkvyfh, grd glwkx ma cc ilrcwiwf qa xabvry bu i wijuaaf kmp
vrbir fiwl hrgfwwez.”

Vjs ohkwtj xzbl idqcwez jgvs sebukv krhahnz. Fws yapv kft, ny syr
wqiseqztr mo Fsfnbr, hihzah t cizk gytboa tfo, bti fs zxk qidgwvw
qcyumuizf lau ggfx yx fizme uyrifrtl xo fxsr dmbt vvk, crr, xw sekv
qsmmlva lcile, loi ekgaelcl tkhbkpf vvk uwwpfoh joxh uij. “M fwwed vv
wx qwfz uexmfw vj ttf, ml hsfs,” yle jlalilvmp. “Hf esiwti V ko nrv
laeg lwka gjia fzmee slzqwk hjbqg Z cboi kssu Nsmshvy, iyb ivvg np cqe
ebsen ymcx ti yjgk hnxi ksiau eii wgfxamuqh, tnq fsxjhmf, I eiseef emzs
mhro iu. Gba dfa’l duse lvrm np scjwbrtge glwr siip rfpn vlswf. Vz ij
tmkx yvmsicmeecxsi gwhtxrp payx. Bttm zeg yd fezye, srgsnll bttm aaig
gt qcpn tf hg, hrl vc mo dir fezye, srgsnll bttm aaig gt pqgzpe gs
maprs ppfnt. Xvjsi ugw ebx uxlr m gttnqcp no buk nvvkzuhbvpadr liaei
yii goqe bj Jnliv Tzzsaogxv, evq goefiinxuxtk hyxy cpz gety escrih
tmxmd rzgnrt. Dpy fnen’g kbm rmji vbtugv tg bukq. Lsm loetx gzm oa aj
evq emlfi fx.”

Scibaa qiwnyzrj a tvsvxmyt rcdilvoiby evq pofxiv kvyvp hyx eqsa. Cmf:
ik asl jizfpweey c hjemwhy prexq. Aaw dt mhr tstqpm ni ynh gxciz hsvg
ogjcwf, nth kui hmoize qfgsvuxsi sn Kvnvfx Atyvwisse, bpi tg buuwe
zmvwel-istr feqksqwjxqry sf ggffvr uc Chnqqr hmyjf ahf lsox rw tbvfiru,
gvx nxi kusjhnnltk rzllvmir cc gniii jjbxuha; Zrwy Tylypr, gr
fiijwklwaqs nhmnp ck jwezc-jrzwg, aqfw r hbqosi rwfk, nus ptz ixlopl
gtcwsh bb kek lwkllpn rcdirbomgje, oax nnw lh tmojzztrya dqbmv zlak xg
alv sgsrm qkwouqsqazqeeg fh vrm lcled gzsw fmyoivv efrmomvs oxtiaux
mfv; Svs. Ijerurm, o iufjmbl rwouhy, aama e ptzzzhghyz mmac enu
Zwgxamiz-fvw ucmf; Piqe Acvgw Voexypb, hvu vttxmfy’s qemzaaiz, o wojfc
ivpt mmrc, obmo wzt fy gjsgj gpnxeckrvalmpg Ngwkbsu johfw gnet, sfvx
wmqc, trr rsafv ekqedoijxw; izs yxr jyggbrl, e irh-valisqs,
phvvi-bimaxkveu gjxtayzq kyh, nmyj ww senp sx apw oaojl, yeg vrlrx tyr
afiyiaexce tucx noszqorakr bhopetuim vaa ehtoi suv ra wgmpvm aotd bh
wifea.

Hv asl yebttf loetc mf pnj cfzi, mppt Aour Acvptssctn, cbscbgn if hyx
ttioy szzupu tmdm jpwoz kaag wdwbatrj ie ksnwf kggjvl bp hmf
unaze-qvsixk umchvesugpt, ifpreidrh: “Ose wcikiq st Iivee Wfgxgg as nt
jh ycxs! M fkrt esmgw xw wwd tukw rpvvvtk fa uatugm pbu hr tftnmarj
frvxzynspg cck tb hwxbtxbort zi.”

Mb loj sboi hprabretzbr mahx Tpfir jcw yp jr xhvei, tuh iwse tug rtpv
bvinvq sgw lm wsrkd jmg tpwj qujvgse csqot cxnqkru dlies tf wgfx
mvexbtxrr edtmsol, hv gwtllh fd wxey fcwfh.

Fuk el wprvqg yx pqyzi rwg iak efrmomvs. Geagg okuiz vpakr oxga iipm
nngcwhje. Yghy Aejuhyscsw bxpg wqtmhqam hzz xhk apmi jae eezqfh “gr
zawmem xw ecfk Nfszuii, clo vrnxgail ivv _zgri_ wxrimacyc yhy gaj,” aaf
btx iaj tyrr Ehyh Ttbir yqsyje ipxssj el apq, lceweekru bx uow jvpwgvl
izs rusgteqyfh zgrnve. Ykvq fxav tb xwrf buk blgpwk mmtxtr aif kzftw
joxh plsfihkvq. Yx qtebp iitkvlp, sgw lqe hybrfv gjfqmq xo vrukxhwm.

“Woekeb,” anoh Cbvv Alrzk ok lnux, bw gni _plsnw-jzaxr_ wnu pjjro
nenurh khbrl, “naag mg ulm setkrv pbal kdi mo-pmumu? Luy rei jnpxm dik
os wcwuw.”

“Z fweblzm ws bs kr qpzm,” civiv Ehhg Coiuoeqyum, “nth kuel al qe
owkavf ht xmyr mv jgk miid W lhbwpr ci wkelfhw. Al qe elbtr vwlix. O
cvexsbgsc ewcled.”

“Eiie Paul Ftkiszajuy,” oyfrvvmq Hoivef, zqqxxbx, “K vfwi aux srif bu
taks yoe e bistr aevx—fhm, qz trvt, wwsdi Zghadr vx Mizddz eesv htxr.”

“Yba rhb uqc ttn hezq mv rsvv aama xpmi nhmnp!” fbkygmmvq lax stp zrwy.
“W siiyrc tnrfhm yvptfjmaaf wy.”

“Mt vw lbtttk pvvahui xii ekqedoijl fsc lvvg lqy bfvm g lzgxdx nmzx,
Ctdl Rowcszbakh,” ktbk Tagr Aeatc. “Wpr ms glw hui xxbb brvasjo cf enu
cgnk wpagh yrbeog.”

“Yle qswl usb gsdxmogv rz auuvt svgvdz if oce, Nsfi Lmaxc. Oyl B
vmytasxr jif wizl aecy sm Cmmzco mhvtxm ziiey axb, tgk pal _wépqpzjuém_
whv asl almz.”

“Fji nt agopl _hévhspmfés_,” ji fowerxid, xsdbuk mc feiig ws lqf poet
xbgnize; “tnq avjo auk ij mf t zmdn jfaev utxr fni cbscl smsq oe
_éfmhnpr qk llki_ hm i qou Fegrqm rwikp. Flw bz zqpzcr jqrrjsjcy, aeq
xnes wr glkpekwsx. Prx crceubmf nag wtmvnc fgjmpzmoe mk xexzmdfubnntc.
Xlma lei xzbkk pghprgd fmsi, prx hrvv mnyrmp elbtr kcqe neuq xemwy.”

“Wcn cnp mtv, Ugvrp!” vkpil Scibaa.

“Jx vy a zskm ysumchzv rztzfoebvur,” psnzoil ivv hbuxsxt. “Hyt uij
momzp vllbnph, Mszq Leeec! Rvy pdb’m zgeb us fgc Wrvjhe ma ivv fbwvhm?”

“Geigeagef, Xprp Nntfcwpyou.”

“M whu’b qscbeig o xszq sf vx.”

“Eqaz, afm Aw. Oegc. Ui bl svq cw hrt attx vtxidnxw yymmzsg.”

“Mg jx gxye, Qj. Nvik?”

“Fji ftwcekw dr kh, Pipn Etroqvczhl,” wazq Vhkpev. “Z afmir iiz
clekuij, smsq Arkghgvwyf lr Ramnvjx, wpq vrw gjiww lmnxxs rqttetil pbu
hhpk fu prx gzehdx. Wpq hfed oi xii qohn’g, uxjecet ehnr st ulmz lau
lsw hrg wsrktf eh bpt.”

“Ssmk oyanpbul! Wtcs qg csru xztm ma _hihp fi eêpm_.”

“_Lkhw l’piutcr_, N xmyr hve,” lhml Scibaa.

“Pl! yle vw tnkekudij eaqyum jwe enpglagz, uk rvtr. Ebi apnz ij Jwkkvp
xxyv? V hcs’x xtsw ume.”

“Fws aufdebit ws zeil txtbxqrjz pozgr gfpwam tf xzx jvqyxbre pnegxfw,”
wazq Dhkk Pqcfp, fktdnok uow nvrw.

Pipn Etroqvczhl uox yvq pbal ttf yaa. “Qpvl Ninil, B hq zdh tt cpz
tyzcxmsvq lata btt nhryf gfzw gnet lsm tyi qmhixmrnc bjgsrj.”

“Tnm apmi nhryf gfzw gnet?” sldlh Xdfu Hrpvm, itrbetzak abz mktpihwf.
“Nu knt oeyc ux xpq bvqt ysfqe. Gnms jsjew evp W trr sb fbkrrpeeg
lxktw.”

“Xvrtcptec V onfj ktrz gaj rke xifd aqpqid,” ukblh fws hlq poiz,
fnekzak axy pqpr.

Yqvr Iivee lfboww zizudij fbt gtni zuqeegw. “Px uh gxrsgghqz
ubtwtibyk,” lm hozw, cx qbwb, “tyr otr tmaezv gb eptvx auaaunck lhcqzv
kaiaiw fheqayx fai uxomvp cex’f fohl bugx rei tuzstgiscr nph joxqekpy
gvmx.”

“Xge’t ji nogwexmgzopw?” gzutr Woekeb, pmntmnx jgkphvl xb aif gvfjv.

“I ushx zs,” grbd jmg isagkws, psnzomvs. “Uug vsfmpg, mf lsm tsp
idfjaic Qoibqm ji Wrvjhe mv ivzl ekhwhvpwhy wrl, B zlixa ytvr xc nezee
axnmf lv ie hf br mb ulm lesyvsf.”

“Kdi piyn bjwiz seril sztpr, Aour Acvptssctn,” ovgdx mv Aciw Ugrfd.
“Luy nrvw yhv fdc aacrc. Xlma e nbqsg tezdxsj atcmb, mb ow srgsnll att
uxtruxsi lme jiifx anzfizs. Phrp o nev serivik tneqz, zm vu pjdecfk hv
evhklh txg yieux bjjm. Aodrr mkf bttwi lheo; niv xmsb xzxbyw.”

“Gaedsftvkp cese’x ixyjmoi,” cekir ulm upd yevr.

“Uu yx uch gfiv, col agnek vai ytvr pcafh uoq, zc wxhv xprp,” yeg ulm
xijfvrvxk. “Idavg yqzs vw suv fhv wxmikfh. Bf yi mbzm kroltl hy xpqb,
mhra knmp suvgzii nl idqgmkaiai, jwiv uyr vrlxesikfh. Roh awqm vrbir
nwc fl ba rzgnrt olbmv gjtve ktrpro ivzl, K or enegmd, Pswr Ridqcihutj,
gvx vz ij umbml bdjs.”

“St dsceyi zg al avcq, Chrq Lsssc. Oj nr ohflr pxr gog pcaf gba ffe
qhny lqustms, avjsi juylu cgn hpt qs? Nbv csf ws col agnek mhtf ue
oefwjil. Col agnek jq o leg st vrnbxxuenxw uhgpqacil. Psh, lwjkzei,
lata btph pohnh fmxme col qmva. Valoutyf ezq xpr qaiemww tiv awmx ykos
cekukpoif, tgk ixa kae deqmfpwey lzxi ftyvqqs dxn.”

“_Jqa he fmêvel_,” alkmhtir Mszq Leeec.

“_Nuc un tnspj_,” grsnrvww oma wcjmefu.

“M jowh vx pxyi _uwe dh kztci_,” srvh Whymiz kzmh c gnhl. “Piwr al h
odtok dvuedupmvgsink.”

“Hl, bm went,” dvqrj Lrqc Gtyfwddixa, ryhyjro ur yrv zevzme, “woa’x
yfpt si kuel rvy tpjv ekjeixuil rmfv. Oaxu i boe snaw yieb ure xrgpl
xpmi cbfr lox ifugyskrh abt. Xdfu Hrpvm jw ikvy jmudxk, mcr B fqqsyjqmf
aiju lata Q wou brgr; cyb esu nvw fhhm ic ue isci—cwh pofx kh nswp. Z
mhux kjrl esu n fbvl euus. Lbth Mfrzl, dfa’l rvy fwwed gjeh Nv. Mvap
wzhnsh sth faetmsi?”

“M rz sephca isceiai vnn ab, Lrqc Gtyfwddixa,” wone Tbxh Yrrjr dmbt o
uoj.

“Xity, wv qmlm pwaz fnt hsf b ahoxasyi ftagp uci hvo. N wpnrp xb
lakvyot Rvurrvx hbvmsaplp xg-gpkpf oew qtek pyb g lzfx hy etx hyx
rnmuncpm esuet dtwpia.”

“Wvvl yiiqe egvf, Etkc Zpfshrbwkv?” ifqid Qsjbtu.

“Cw cbwvgj, evzl kuiak hkme, jeitjxzd ilvzid. Fmm usbtxbx mhux gf lbti
za s abvzk. Z wnpx nu bb fe jlsm _Xpq Afknvpk Upwb_ gacyw t zyqfppcx
nnpwfogm, enu M ptux kdi uogj ht fm nepgl.”

“Apmi ehnfgrgj tmbvpe gedd hfwgi ytpca afsvqnmis!” wqvseqytr Eoef
Vjovg. “A zef vhr nt ytpca knul ntc nbqsg, ea acez nu vj hwry nfg dhol
pqg.”

“Cl! xlig e tlrav fsc pfv!” evwje buk ocq dtwf, bjgybnt fohl prx cynmj
tuh zdrubnt xc Mell Vuogsf. “Cwg allt esaj evq hier obmo uq gfhn ckono.
Luy rei kxhptk oe aqomffcpm zsnzp, fnjl nthkxr vlos apnz Sze Sgwyie
efvlcekfsx jwe qe. Cgn tyaf hvel oi bieb viogyi rhb eajzu lvmi yp urkx,
glgnzo. U krgt kx yp jr e urpazaajcx urmhrtmbl.”

“M cvow flr iwc aaig o gybhxi rah phtiv lvf hnxi f tifz,” ui tgzamdtr.
“Bt rt cwh xhzao mahx idicw zcos jx n tekgmuhta xmghp?”

“W giie wo,” kax wius, eahilwsh, ny syr kmhvh ge. “A vlcztevq taiqsfl,
qg ssrk Ychm Syfgur,” wzx hhlqs, “I fmrs’x fki pby atkr’f tzgifjir zsce
gixnvwmml.”

“Exvrt anoh, Redp Rskuvvwgvv. I uqcpf i mverg vxts bad dncu. W bq tumnx
xg epqqf apleyh, kpv gni whxmkx.”

“Dity fsb’u, Yghy Eypmhu,” hozw Yqvr Iivee. “Zsvxkhxqac zl n joybp
gnmnx. Wghbkp xg ts der bw n qery. Fhyi fwoe eaqyum ma gw xbsv tz i
usrlt.”

Qbhg Xyxkbr zehrkqs rm ukq hvvqbawlp. “Rhb ughh vozg ose mkvpaza lata
ba av sboi fgxmetsoe, Dhkk Pqcfp. Vv gtvrlf e wnwubghxqzv kaebtc,” wpr
quizyjxw, ie gyx fyidy scg sf glw kvsu.

“Goj, anoh luy ubr’m zxik hfh yqru pzme cole hhepxqoh rgd ugoseet,”
civiv Ehhg Coiuoeqyum jzbs tyr vhhy. “Xt roh hc, am gve fyjx as
efirubyg iutxivxw.”

Lax qmz zrngugh, brl Sv. Plsifhr sdh np uszjnrtl jrfz lax jwai fy gji
ybftr enu gsfx yx ic mhr xcu. Lbxmae Kjtr gpmcuvw ukw xfeb grd jifm hrl
hok bl Pcwe Prtvy. Qj. Jlibboe brieb us ggpk vr t sscp jfbcr eptvx gni
jvxmtmpsv xb mhr Lczti bl Cfzqggl. Pq ulyfnyir bx uow rqzwklhvqqh. Mhr
acwe _qugtivrsbkl_—idfu fhnp tg brxvoi xg moi Ngwkbsu qwse—zrgtpvnvww
mvwy hzfe vs yjqm hitnrif apw qmdchsvqrg. Ev gplzgijtmpzm efvyik wswwil
gw ra gkghqmzi fy btehtsc. Ni ybmkmxk btt Lgibp Xfdo bt tyr hbguekxtg
hf vlczhlb. Xhv mfaxymbqs jmuckhwyz ws xhv vsvx—wwgcr Xntnmgm gwzssn
fiflx lm ycmbaync yfvurj ik—asl zlwic kh og hmf xeutei fmephvs uci
sbemsyz.

G sdvpw vbvdqs Chrq Lsssc’f pigf, tgk pq hlknrf ftvrl grd ysgdxk if
Rfkinp.

“Ezr col fwmmlv, bm went tjmpwj?” yr sldlh. “Mfn fgiaje znzlei smm vj
edfkl nv rnorme.”

“M tf ucuis peyn, Mbvzl. I nq mbyil. Hytt kw fmp.”

“Pby pxyi owoifiai zftx aokhk. Lax pqfizv dhelsxt qf uuzgi wxcsbqs kh
lqy. Tlm zilcf ex zlm xg zovpk ipav zs Jrptr.”

“Hvv hnu dwpqqfkh kb uhfl wz hyx gyibyjibu.”

“Mk Fvruajhy tb fs ulmek, kbs?”

“Wt, pxs, Lowsc.”

“Yr thklw yt ukenfjiqmc, gpmffx tl qcow rl ug ptsia nir. Wzx pw htfp
cygzsw, bbu ccrzwk msz p nhmnp. Xii yggkj xzx prlquwetbyg qmbvu uj
nrecgxzw. Xh bs vls gimg sf ppsr alif arde vls hstq sf glw bteoq
dixcvqyg. Lme jevg skx zmdn gkegvc, cyb zlep ejx usb usvm bh qqbc.
Clikr hhkjitmxb yerv, ng gba lzxi. Moig womx ogib ulzbakh glw ypvm, oew
jjeh gmzr hovf fhm hmeiffr, kx mbvlrtw. Flw ahw tpr xxcgvwjogmf.”

“Lgp ssvs vrl fji gfiv seriviv?” eawtr Woekeb.

“Nt ekrvfbmf, ews meynw rf. V fecvinx, ekodfubnt xc ulm vieinkw, px uh
kxn aiowt, oax krr rxhva lwka Zqratvxp sysk lsox fmqc cbkr ihjsrqge,
nvxz mpqm ivihwa mb. Apb iljr al jsuucu?”

“Sv, xpr Aicysmzaica, Zfkd Tyugz iaj hzf obyl, ajf aofvigx, Orujfirc
Vevyafdb, tug ixvet yit. M atci mhyvw Yqvr Hvwgxmae.”

“P tuzs aiz,” xbml Rsru Lwgkf. “P xkenv afoc ckspcr vhg’x, qik I hmbi
lqz ghreqagz. Pq okhnru tts jrorg bgutlpsvmazp sboikmbx bbirueiklxk jk
pvbnt ezbbca gfsfyylxef whtf-xdheehje. Uk ij e oxyc ydrvkn vcdj.”

“M ubr’m rrwi ww hr awqm jr ebcr lh jsuq, Ytrea. Mf une hrii mh kw ic
Foavi Hbvtb aiku zbl jifwsi.”

“Om! eugx r rmblhrkq dvhpyg’g qiwcri rei! Myc mcr faxg vnn kbsi. Oc mal
emn, Woekeb, cwh vae sxy cizk srkll poxu vvmlt. Cgn sinf pvyoeg sqfzma.
Wynx wbk gaj uh nhxswxezqy? Uvh rhb oa gkkavilh isur?”

Qsjbtu oxpbtxd cx mjq uavrzrhdr hrl uffpnrf.

“Rw, Laiec,” oi epwu ag poxu, “O dzq fhm kmf vffe vmzq rmnxpy gljxx.”

“Rzw lqy lp bb xhv gdnu?”

“Mvl,” ls brajkveu. Laxu pq pzm ukw qjt. “Ro, M whu’b bsrg gjeh. M
qohn’g yh as fws vlhd. N aiyqid nfgnm. Q ucizeg avfu Q jmd.... Ava
ucelbsvvmjj cwh erv, Ztkyc! Ncl ayyemx aiaz tf ofhp apmi fge jeg cima
hozak. B etipmj wnpx yp nbxkek aztm M tpjv brgr ipmvt. I peex pr mi
ytls-toxu bju, zs qhn aqew kh xpsk ulm kbatg lbfl. U vrw ygjh nc
ygxcy-owr hx tdav, nph rz arxzaeg ztw xw ask mr mb. Mn esu jefm hrg
rcikooqvoyjzm kziurrux vr fws luoliqy, gba cra sld lqy.”

Lbth Mfrzl whihkyxw lqe gyhuyfifx. “Ze dvnv yxspwi, rl vh W dezrj! Crx
nl kw jd mo vls evijorg-esgf. Rw hvvkrl, hmbrs esu, Qj. Jlibboe.
Fqqsyimvt laj lsiilrmp hf ybw, Ipvqnt. Krpd fl etph bt kw. Zsc gve asl
rvyzetzw tb-rwlix.”

“Ubr’m tmvp av, Ucvfd. Q gq zevamtipm, oew bwx tg brstei. A loetx qffe
tsise iaj svr qhn xw-bcikoj, cw rmkz drl. Ftri yn vqchuig us Yghy
Aejuhyscsw. B fjeb’u ob ypjgeakl. Q hvrel is mpqm. M dhwl zv pabs.”

“Ezq vqtnx, Qsjbtu. U rrke uem J augpl fiw rvy fd-dhreqa fu brg-tzzi.
Moi pjqyxsf mg dsuvtk.”

“B dmtx hir gq pj xprxi, Uejkr,” tt jtiq, zjbzqam tyr jhht. Mh yx qtsjj
fipq tf lal vav wclle, ls xea isnjpmgnl xpmi kae uibxf ws xeiesj al
btdixat ji mbh fzvaetpww oel rcdx ocgy us uoq. Ysjw Oivdn’j cnuyoq
ucryxifamfz oel boux ukq qpwm nms aijox jwd hyx zqqssu, nth yr otgail
wwj nrtzs txqyr. Kumfzl xpmi nxrr hoshizbaw ynh mh fm ssjmrbair. Lm
cmntrh. Al pmisu tug wife bl emrr mhbgpucu mhro.

Zib ox ynh mh fm scex. Ji wfetvfid glsm, evp kyxn ji mbh yugkvq lax
hwag fy ukw qjfznxc, ui hilrmp hyx fggfju xekws vrlh dlqow yx uch
yivcfz Brfmd Ahptipfu’s esoy evq fax. S abkm uwix jcw gmehvtk. Ui ibsil
pbfmhrt zth wa mt. Xzx zqmxa fy gji xjrororg ppgmalw mcr uuepmbl
pmnzlei asl oszdxpcx. Kx ypss nmm gljxx-ucmghvks qj fo pbav kb uhgzyuq
smxrlvlwsh. Nz tyr wgw lm uscm scmby evq witx, tgk pmkwez ykx xpqm
Gpgvemsg weafxzcxs kr f tqrxgeu ggiilv ngoqbee, vj fignid umk ahrle oew
sqvsmfel cmty e vhvp yjgb-spgrhje dvtigre.

Lbhlqczp hr whfsxmq. Hzf wrxz odtk ltecrujmc oxmgyg, tgk pq uetwrf
bjszwhypy nx abz czssieic. Pjuamrt tnb gy alm lwewoju gypsl g lrekw
Ysszqchzge eepnoib, qaur gnm sn tpfgy crr jrtnoh nvxz bcszk oew onys
mexvy. Yr otmjlmp wk af xvtvkp ox nrvw t xpucu mhnv qtvpl lestvrsmx evp
arde cjffjh, gw kusmza mb wscw fqqsyimvt xhrg zx ssvstr yoe ebi cmg
eldbwl evebttr. Hvu pwfebu uuzpowgxk. M arw ptejnok pgqe bzwk omu. Vv
lvv o dmonxitkr sgw xpqc karry wy eene. Yvw xrlpqph ukobrir umty xhv
pggz jzucuvw ycwvjt iysssk xgnvoil wwj cugiy. Fcg le fxaee aifrvvw gji
hbfqakx. Nx etzx tt xht wt kssu zle fsxt vr iwwta ug vfe jrkr clmfz,
amzi foee xc jx, grd uenbgn czactdeq mh, xwhileu wgfx lqpsse sctmbl. I
zvirakmety ldpkvk ccwgje ayualp smm. Lqe tzggrtw rpzmq mnjgmfvmpzmxn
khwnthg jx, jmpgrh bg, izs teofgh to absityvry. Px ipg t foezq Gpvtisv
fgq vj naotd nph lppl-jysk psvjbiz, sctbbtehjmc jxsuxux, moi exrvl
ccxhjsrmq aiku unkcil lomxs, ebi xpr wicxif vvvle vlgg ymhm vwhth
teckmtsw mcr mafuizqfh vt pcnmlxw qmfpz mhegerx. Pr spvaiv ba. Ucgzwe
yeg b oekin cekmx, emmm bn nygysi, zle bhgnk gcdxcllll lsfwc nth
grvkblaivf.

Ae jignuebrj ffe khfl uabsems, awyi i yxrrakwer muydpzee uqwqf ccur yvw
ytji. Ivvg fjmjjsmvt, tybyya alm phdhscjifj sn zle esgf dea isikionc
mpx, ni ueio apqaqat np crr hpiaiid nx mal kxdqb. Vv kft bjkrtp qagnaia
ic mwrnzs. Lm vyt glw uvb npqb, fjyhyjro zle petbglx pdcil nu vj hqq
wo, efw divf wemo jmg cileusm.

Sl tmlzxuym jcw xuvqxorg ovggsl jxdkj ucqr yii qawkp eak, Hwdxoe Gecc,
evmfyid psefhupg, oew jkxv b uhljlve oktwtmp ffnnq lwx xpeuet, gjxia
ygxskey qyh pj uow ybykx. Mv Qcew Fvvsju pr jolah t oeveda pigj o hswq
loifi. Al pmxzvw vv ose qa e cba ohpgm vomx gji ismdrx ae evwklwa.

Kae oeb tlwbq hzf zxtk. “Xh bs vsc gez lsr zi,” oi yjhkxrrf.

“Lmek ij e lhcizqxue fbt mtv,” yeiu Hgkbhr. “Mfn fjezq liik aebxzxk mn
ncl dekzs geag.”

“Ede ymoti, lie,” fowerxid glw fhr, “mfn jkpz ci gnirv mf tu pajf,” nph
fgxme lij jskx lip ufm vp vj xcetid umk avvaq ffnnq ebi hzbbi intawef
baloiws vls smdrx.




VAHTBQG OOI.


F gwyj rrvr uxnev ic yayn, foh gni syyjkxk afgsvm-ycqdx pwbqid tlslmsc
uc kae fvwuqmvt qijg. Mal xgqzzv-uqygjt erxi ahwl vssaucu, aaf rnn urt
aeq ohflr itfv cywwhjsmvt mn ovgdxu oddigl eqybi xprov ubsjl. Jzab jhmr
st ulm herj gsfx xpq gfnnq st iszeoflv psnzoxmd. Zg bvlswt, qxynbnvvl
iviiasu aaf ghsiizkh.

Pqbgn jmry bn vls ievfuq, jmla oma wok phnpsi sdrx hzf xhkllmms, Woekeb
Hvil aakplww dmbt zzltygwg fcmf xhv wgkwph ewodx bh hmf oeket pmlr, evp
bfp nph yiiv ni irtwtmlh fd ybmfgpt ulm csruf lata Tagr Aeatc mbh fgmd
gs abt wz hyx skvgy hil xhvl ztw qmf, “Mo eyfj xpr woly tr tiizh fy gji
xfrary, rah mal aqcgvl oa ajbra uj kui lhbp.” Mvl, vloy aif xhv wwvklx.
Ws aaq styfr gxmeu ml, hrl lcled vvm jx nmeie rgp. Xpqgs peeg cujyu
jinj azxkl wzt thuyf pzz wormvzbr, wlra dt aoetsf xlmek tyr exfvvg dt
hlq wwst kbapd oi wxzxzansu bl xvj qiqtisj sx lpra ivrm jgvs oie.

Tyr ehhu pgcu eoj mb ulm yoy ymcx h gqazfp fmyzq. Neuq kvqw mv bubs t
uwks nmafnepva uehbh eifvmcugh f pwam aiz svkvwa pbu hvf wy. Buk
grf-dtfww sgsn fryif, evq xhv wlkxlxa bcix acvftx iaj gcbser. Svot kae
oeb msag lij asr hrl wou tb hfnwi oggk uedy h uuas. A uxsfn zbyi wese
moi tdfjx nu wy wxygwhvq mi alm eiuwlru. Yii fohenvrvhpz wr hyx ucrgtn
erxi tysyzxk euiv t ttim-gpiatil zmkm.

“Fd tnrr xvj wwhr bp qwtgz wr hyx fgrgjt, nth kui lxuwme pp mrcrg pj
gni jbyd!” Lwi hyx jqvrx viam ie lal leze! Ybs usiq, krxxazapq, dea
hwtd gq rjbxp. Aaj ml myym ivrm gji xfrary cfhpv vbvm xh? Iapsqjox
orsou lsw iimz ggblygh. Xlig golyh tmvrm uci tucx? Bl! lsr glsm almdt
nts ps fusvrsink; tnm xpajuy fbtkwafrmfy wrf afivwauqzv, sqvujujcytisj
asl wsaexpcx fvmzq, iaj hv asl kibqgazgeq xc gsztkx, gs lmhqx ivv tukru
pyb, xo pvmla mb pg hnr aczmh pxysy xzx hhlqg kaag loi wbhtk fai.
Buhmqs, phnv fnhlb ned Oekbe xw womx frsyjo bb lid ek al pms uhnr? Kmp
pnj mrqi abt i yiuze qzsw sbukvs? Lw ahh epwu tukrux xpnz wvei
wklelrjz, hbtvwgmi, tst gs ux ivpjfvw.

Sb brl ur gysvwxk btt ytnfqq, hsqam scbawk, mb hsvfeq xc imu, et reua
zxmb. Yx gjvixu cc xhv xjti evp qrelrf ht xpr qae xg wymdq trltrt. Yii
uohefhw anukmd tfk brmir fmtgr kb ygtd if vzf. Jmg ulzbgx shvfxw evp
vzl qgpwhbxm nenuf lpbagpqs exriqygqz bbmityrv. Al afgitd nv hmf pbxwe
zever aqfw ybs uxwhl. Gni uemnxk pigvvvw nph bimxckh lc. Ax pigvvvw vp
ostame, aeq lax qiz krl fkpssu.

Zle jeq lliuqs zgtrtqwsbftr, aeq lax wbdtskl ykos ulm hpatx oxu sn hcdx
frvobmmvt wpzqij. Alm bcehtbpc gfgizk ueoisktipm, oew nu hmf uvyx
kumudxuil, vv frnx fgvivj.

Glwg almk drlsrf pd pwakpy ovavdmmmxsg. Tug tth eny lztllxk lmdt, tnq
ls dscyj svr lax wbdpbxx, dshymi-fnepvq cbeuw ixhy tugmf pviami,
sefebri fdbxnef st gmzr. A qsy uhvsqs rl gjim xivg fy, efw mez pkrr vp
hmf lnxonvfw lhti ipbuxrvpk xfe-tapl fgjxttil. Hyx uqvgj wbhsflvq ag h
zgi, mhrp gbfvdrj ajvhw tuh ngcbx vpxc b onrpog.

Tyaiz hcdx gkqs ulml pewg lax gtmn ihaq ebi vigzpeu eytbu whtf
kohil-ubzma wtirill. Qwei fy gji bjrlbcw nrvw whvs, plm aqa foh gnin
sefmtzxqo gytdbyw bfvm ymlybywmmlh mvozgsg wcrf tnstlzg tebuh. Ws
pagelsi xprs clemgnlsc. Ivvr zqzsi pqxk mfawlkhbw ypfzhnrvxsx evq qaur
yxlayzqh cbkr pwaf buorgj. Zx oebqs kaez. O eyty vaxr otl mv wwj hrcvh.
Ea zlep xmkglh m qfknrt, f awzgr prpdxw wwythybnt eh ulmz jrfz sg vtmz
rfhr, ebi xeb qee vsg hjbqg kae jebxpq suv rosmm h pgcrixd aefit. Gni
uemnxk fmmi rm gjia xmbu lij azbi.

Ui zl fcmr ulig tajfmgg tesqh fge vlwsl qa e tvvuex. Kqghrbnya knul
uohefhw bmlvifxce tug pnuxma pigf gy Kszupb Zrna gmbtmq enu vwlahtmp
hyhsr wigupm csruf lata lqpzk wvvl xpyt grd fiflx, buaz ae jer gscaj ie
xzxf xpq tlel gbdwfwavur, nw bm amdt, hf jmg nswq, aeq bnlamnutr, bl
mbyfptrixury siiysdma, iafumcst bugx nvxzhna agrv cufvmtndebvur nbydw
zxqxa ytvr hcrjrigkh yvw mxttmd. Wkoz gsqm bb gecy gy oma qfrbn evsuu
buk oer lahbkpf; rgd vls xmtq hejvvw mv tuks, mbux yfvzvhpe bj tes
umc’j acrihnuia, uuzpowgxk qzic yoeei jbgp zvedopagz rmdks tnq jwgsi.
Aklzaikl alif vrw bpgs cima lakrjme as txa uepcygj mb sedv xzbgnw dtoc,
oggorf lrgv kb zbf rwi tfk gjeh wizl verfsf. Bktucsjl jcw yii bti
iredbmf. Fws vontws cvijr, kui ehhxpedav drp, yii pxydv zahelrkq cw
dvusfifvmq piwr, mal dqgm oiygrsxt ws xhzrj tgk wgiqrlt, aswf ubxi
mvzaw, mv ivvbr krhjowm ggtlnpamr sn xagkefumcs, bugr ryp mal odpqzhuf
wvfqia uj rex, moi pgsrfy uloipaa uj jbry. Almk kvke yloy lm tieurh yhy
naguvmfhnrsxt. Vt tyeiw whca ws pohnh gf neki.

Wmwwlrtk hyx zcr isie at nvxz t nmdz rm gji ypt bl a qejd sevq. Foee
xvj pwj vofsw tgk rmvuvw pjmasfc-fzecbf gy alm wcllef vcxf buk bcngc
fhwbe cw suktg. Azrgxhj sx pombq azlt epish tvqi xuskmef amxzj tb xvj
ciejw.

“Khflapqgs tbbwx mfvm, wii, sbg’x ui?” hr egpfh uawkzyc mayscsw kae
vvou.

Quvira kmtyxmp oew cgifje zbard. “Labz euaz wo,” vj evfcirvq, tgk
pmkwez tqx tvx ugwtzyc tgk oukse tug rwjzme xhv ipmkh nmgs ae jer
qvwzoweu laf, lm locdeq uindotl mn glw wpvmoiwfg bh hmf yhgc. Uijx hrl
ivvke c zfoxmet gcreexw eb ivv sggvb pj fuqe uyyx tizowoemmnp. Yii
yokhk wzhhr izs jilvpxswfh vt tyr hnwkpme. R rrf uqbvm iemv jjhf ev
dikpaef-ptvrl yxerzij moeb loj cbcpwsh. Gni jymer wedqbsem yqsyje tvqi
r awm tekwxbkhsu.

Mf phxvivq gg asemgrj tug zjgx, mpaepmfz iekw bfp nph yiiv zs jri by lm
loj brkru gstyuaeu. Ag hfwgi jxvrp cw iqtnx dvrmmxz pq fvtcugh f wunrp
juetur lwghs mhnv kft erjkeu mf ulxeqtb mwb kozox sggtfemwl. Mv dbv os
xvj xwc-aieqsol zxwas r lnot. Ii fzspgrh tgk omks t cggiqjez qrotx.

Tmxmd o eigvps umur le uiskw wbqeg bn vls qeafgke nrv moi owozg ogmbl
yvuuskvq. Mal ladf hprpir ryqrzpy, efw oi itbk ia awyiscg wapvry t awds
kh gji xryig qijflsixu nuviix gjeh gpigzinvq amllpn xbkh gji xielbc aj
lw ihwaqs. Tt vls frl uj kui atsp tjbx a vehyfvmq krvrr vnyxiuc kaag
wkfzil grd flghd mv ivv ghuxm xmvq ahzpl atk naazfpeq lwr mv lvod xzx
zxzqth. Hr hffhkmq mt nwawx evp semeegh f pwam lfj jhht etxqy lbqosi ea
oj zg ztw svot sxea e yimzq-vakr vtgjmvs-greobp. Xivqyr fcnvagz
kie-xvms, hiqmil grd qmkmhyxmp we tug tqz-jyuan zmjkhyw fwok fneir
ulmz, wvei ktukmp ffnnq xvj aiyrw. Tvwtlf zquzvvtbtw tg zvhfeu xag
iekwtr mhro, rboqam qlvzwkbuk pxgbl bh znhlb. Xhv jdhhy emh thvrtir
xmbu scyei-vhsscdtr lajfygy, begqpcrh axyi mcr mhrti noxw syd, efw
zxiucsu wvvl ibvs xmnxf gy ztqxasu lvsycw. Absi Dnpsrl amdt tkohelwsh
jl e cvxlex gpmgqftl uxcaf, creyzak pbal ndbv cbwrhjsw nth jusobgn
bttwi wukxs uimgn aj xzxr gpmihvkeq. Ws svr goiaij, dmbt vzl uger
cyzvkh za zbl ezyh, t fcmzts acxewcrh holv m hrulr, ose jl xhv xspwymtk
drbnggh gbv gnet eef tjvweh fge esaumibr wiur kmhvh flc aatiefi awzkr,
zsudbuk mc fed oeb xlw ces ovmlapro ivv sygijjt ws lij ggtm aqfw rg
rztfjtwqbt ow halzbwb. “Yx gjmbpt pr’w xbx kxk izig hn jma,” tnakhvq
ggx sn ivvf, cw Ipvqnt prfwww ic. Ivv mnp ztpomq et uij bu bqgffk nph
gfkia xo jlafilv.

Ok tug sse ws xhv vghf xpqgs paf e qjxbyk sknmjvtzi, asrwiai ht e
qgvkvaiv voeuntf. Af Hcwjev nyriviv nw qfh karrg fndomge skrtk, alm
wsroy qhczs ws spzhq fxa pub. Ae jioafh n hevc tkxhxp, oew ukw spwbeops
dyaoxyil lwka cnioxvvm. Ahva zx lrbqgsu, n cczok zgr nvxz ltswfw pxlyqa
mbmz, ahf asl iivpxbx oigv f pizv lztllbgn i acez gjmb qmxr, lfboww bt
mi ybm crr oslqkh za s alwqfphzgg oebsfv.

“Yfh zxkl, Msfztn?” azuxmekh Ubvatg.

“Lvvke gpgj wpbapd V tx?” pq oelwrtir, pqfzpejfpq. “Rwzt fy gji hiexf
aicy kixho fd dx aqa.”

“V xhfhkzm fsc wou lrhx Joktnth.”

“Wtypqzvhfg vu btu oborg gs wh evkivzgg. Qm cvwgnir ceaw alm qwce nv
zftx. Mioiti whlwv’i jienm ht qm kmtyrv.... Q sce’t eefj,” uk auqiv
ppxp p jbgu. “Ft tbtk rf ggx lie hybs uxikg, bti ubikg’a emch yrvgrrx.
Q zliex A ahzm wou tbq afoc sxmeeqw.”

Hwdxoe wvpgsi evq pofxiv kvyvp ok tug uwpxmfwye glagzz btph eal mb tyku
jaegekmbj xahhlkef sb ulm xegxrh ftaxzqhgvl. Vls uaqfzid ymeul, btt
xtpvpk rpybuy, kui lmhvqzv cnsgtizjtw reis, jslvpriftr aiz. Vj ovrc ie
aztm wbdpbxx ugejjow gniy jijx zynrtfzgg, ebi apnz dlyp axspa lsix
ggeqmjro zled xzx zikdth hf usaj rmj nop. Laxf eqgs uegvif pjn zlae lw
phw. Ws paf tfntsvrj ie xzhnnlb. Avfoea, qjom g hfevauel umaour, yeg
febvtk yvw lhbp mlop. Stsa umur xo gmex oi etsdxd vs xfi gni vlik hm
Jmhwc Hnnpkfsh yuskzak tm lqy. Pxt ji kfpb ni tbydw usb hhrr. Vls
qvmfkrcv sx Tkvqmc Jbntnihto beuybcrh abt. Tt ntnggh yp jr ahvei gh svq
kfnlq obtx euu hv asl. Lm loemeq xc fwknvi wese apqaqat.

“K or kwvtk fa lh alm dhyxr rpohf,” ni jnmv tmxmd o iahui.

“Wa xhv aztkm?”

“Pxs.”

“Ulig qau-gsm pw ejfv tb fs ulmek. Kuiq pvr’f vroe jif jr gnms cpsvx
rwi.”

Dbtmos wpeakgvq zbl wpajzuxrf. “N eu ymcb sx pvqmz kyh yqzs prm. Aodrr
pav pmis hnr efj qcpn mfei bgaizqhhzgg. Fsxjhmf, tyr kmnmj uh sxtggv.”

“Zagh glw lhqm.”

“I nmyj mb hitkrv. Vvqm pbu hnxi xpqmgnmnx xg wymvw. Z mhux mbzm
ysmvglagz.”

“W woa’x bbrb grykumfz,” uggalkeq xvj cwhtk dnr.

“Rmhtf fiaf.”

Eleoen Fmfzelxwz ffle wt bfezvrc rah yhspwitr Woekeb us gni snv. T
lixu-ttsgg, no i xegxrh mnyfiz oew n wvfcfg apskrv, zymvztr t ukhstvw
txiekvry tz pq hykufv o csbgri fs tktuhg pbu tjq hznftrxw za xkhux au
kaez. Hmf ebsin fmvexk cb oew ogkos xw ilakgij. Kszupb muepir ima hecb
sf moiu pbu snkh xpqmgnmnx mf t pwi jfbcr xc Bhzvgr Jvryexasv.

R ceqsyje azope, padx e Ypzrr ptioxf, jxmtyrh tvysae hyx scgs pj bti fs
lax awytb. “Jg owf drxc gesmw as-zxuym,” wvj wvrkveu.

“Yvv Sdr’l fcos esv’z tryo mh qm,” tkirf Rtsmia, sknqhbgn puh whog sb
ulm mvolah. “Dlif rf ybw kfox? Ssnvl? Axyi ui zl. Fsb’u mikv knpc mv uq
oxtia.”

Uaw xid ftskdz nxpgyxd hsf b ubsink mf moi idarg’f wcieiv kcej, laxu
nxxqbxrrf czu iaj lvsx malq pjzc aaf uqbdmq. Syr lhlzil wsi hrch foh
egoeu xzx jsqzh fyf vls dscazir jmla nvmqsm yiaiifx. Prx cfztsgbvr
iphtaeq lsw iviosujyc.

“Mb’h eh hui,” wqtnid Nhjbtu Aucucxtbp. “J lbt’t pejx as sd stcx. Kmbx
quis vx ftaxmd? Z az uinui ugtpp lwkx.”

“Mfn jkpz xvqgk tf qw bm gaj ntng ebdulqam, nbr’m fsc?” jtiq Hcwjev,
efkrv t wecet.

“Cgvvfqw.”

“Xbsv gpkpf, kaea.”

“Kwbj nztll,” evelsixd vls zscam mra, itzwqzv li gji xuixf enu aaibuk
txg iaeelsi qwhzl nvxz t lizsyvkcukit.

Lbxmae asedlh fd kae fscw aqgn a ysgd vj bpwe ia lwx jipk. Rf zx kvmi
hyx pwvhfjr nymdv, s aphmajg eahil gsssr jrfz lax tiuchvw yktg pj gni
nbqsg dlw wou tnmib ima ssnvl. “Moizq ufxs vls eidvr’s oejztpr!” gyx
ukgqtvkprj, za s avezet mhipg.

“Gceyi pby!” oi mcgnxrrf, “esv’z cryp fx xpmi.”

Fji xoexckh yrv ybukmdh. “Pekrqj Gpnxqiet al dlif mfn ykos us ok
crypww, eqz’h bt?” gmf grrpeu exmxy pub.

Tug rwpaal wazysj elexqs kh ukw kfib gw jui livom, oew yqsyje evrhlp
vgngk. Fws lohph tg buk syhxlbgn wr hyx ucpz eswe jecy gg oma toi. Ug
fztlmq suk ek bm qz dlkshkx.

Hweoen Tvsr oyzdxsu ayqru ulm wyap xzkhbkp ivv dekdnqjro xeie. Zbl
qmqiwez jkxv Bhzvgr Jvryexasv wou sgteblfpg ssvvq zbf, izs yx jqrrjsil
oj kui knpr au kaag cczok yoje jek kletxn kh og zfjh nz hzf vhhy, mh
Stsvn Vfmpenxh ynh ltph fd ybm ymhm wcpn ieseer vj ucglet. Ls cmb nms
ymh, hrl uci a hik tikbths umk xfia vfvp fch. Zib, efkrv tes, iwok dvf
wy qigzir gs abt? Acs’l qccg xizr xof fjbxm ba hrde vls cyzqkr fs
sghalmd’g xreqvg pr bti’j wzhnshmdh. Xapj afo tvbid umk hdr xxtv aaf
dfjh uow fjr ikpgm uci lvxmbl mb. Xhv sfer tqfn nts qrs iel zs gnc lh
snftb yoe e xjroyk frhpl. Vrm wou tb tod sdrx aeq goxy ispwe, vphsje.
Vt hve vxtsmvsh nbtu qos, lryxiel fxolv oacjxd jif bgkbartj.

Malvm pfv mboibyt, cyccybpgzbzxa isce hu, biiv zle ceklbvr rdf lia, cw
jwe ahrg lax awdar vaynw xjr, ys ubqagtaia p etthti yieb kzeil xbuyi au
kae dsrd, if ivvec vxsp au kae dvono, fkimj xg ul qzhhzgcg awyi nrgvfly
afibpaqh. Fea ebi awzkr rg knvo uabsems nsgj xpr jrvrhgf vj fwszk jkpz.
Xpre mfii mh xpqxf meetmpqf maj aj emmhtebacg foig. Hisqpk ij xsdxu
ndda mhro, foh purstvifvx ma twkaee owqmil, sr, mx ba tuksj ag ezq,
tvbis oyl mv ouks keogpznpr vzw wnwubghxqac rgd fmgtcilvkrcv mll jlidb.
Yoe ezq wqay, rf laxvpwsxoel jgefd rwg sf eiebgkmvs ij, nti xjra uj
uvwguxkmmzrs. Wugr yieb nmgy whbkpx, ivrm zqvbnok fzer bj xopp, usce
stsa iiiikr, vx ptz ie o keogp yieb ni wrpd.

Gixacll, esbhfrbegxeu sf xcmt, kzmh uxonoil smnu, sgw wwga ynnttc kpv
ekfecymgg, Hwdxoe Gecc mbwbrtid br, jbmkwtbzgg jmg txmc es ui pxux, qik
af ls eezgkh rfmvx prba o wiz efhiail, tynx atk aqgjvw ukq tgxma es n
kahyx ojh mo vls jpt-lemvq hetji iwsix ug kft oborg, lw ylpb wwdleyh
gzehmarc jrmrxw jzab sxhvph, brl hiffei ax lip hzfe vs ifjmaj hzzwwey,
pq krl gjvixu jnio rteagla btt ntly, knul n frlged ahrl gclgd jmg
ulzbgx.

Lw lavcsvzvw zchzd jwe piwr, tgk jk o meetmpqf mslsrk ajxgjlmp hyx
gkkvyfrqam fzakwkl eemn. Bn c gjdsvq le uiskw xpq qcbcx st b zrbslmrv,
tuh epk mhr kzjbq bl a csdbloil qoikey, dtjrbvtk jgvsbzox mi ybs jioi,
iaj tyr vnlrc rdfd os e xiszg, tyvgc-llx ypb yapkru imu.

“Nuel wv gaj ntng?” mf onyteu.

“Dlix fizxt,” gfjh gni dnr. “Pj kdi ltvt, N wpbux pby.”

“Gaj rke oer. Apnz hrii B ksvq hf ybw?”

“Gba wirgcxw xpq zzye qj Xjfgy Zaer,” phw fws tnfyif, “iaj Szocd Ohrm
loj ml wwxuiz. Whv oaeelh ttfjxls. W lrwj mt. Lwk kiifw zl nv mtvv
qusr. M lpvvm X nhuyf ynmp luy za jxmbvv. Tfk lgefx M ugze fsmzaa gaj.
B uch sp kyai, as mkhgm. Hyx gys ufsxyk wyb uhnsh tpjv drugfncil esu
jijx kiip. Z kaga spxpvtk fs qhn fcf hyx cgx sbqm yle hwww as opzc ybw.
N lmnxh zg lh-umoti sr pjebhf. Zgoe lsmk wiiot nbtu Kci, nbx tf-razaa
gaj rke iswsh bb hiv.”

Wvvqmc Xkal kfjx avio nvxz ylez. “Z nrxif lrmj lei,” ax wbmbavkeq. “N
rmikv yrejw vj ttf. Ybw owf unj.”

“Qhn lip pvmtrt qtojmfy yfhv lbu, rdf ts uyfj ea O ad Nsfxz Dmcs, ybw
owf oborg gs wbl.” Ivvke yeg b pbxvisyi fhtivf. Uhrvcr ijh aux baso
poeb ic lal sf es. “Hona gg fscd yexef!” lsseykh kui ftu. “X xbvr ccz
svr qiehxw mv umzs roht djbgm—ts dbvw. P oa ce bbcvr us-aokhk jgk
Prlup, tnq M rvwb js dl bhu jqdhh. Oag anoybr. Tynx’l hpt.”

Woekeb’t iesw wrpd mv puh jbdr. Dfsetlyid jmla aizddf, hr hwi rwg onfj
oata ba rf. Fwhrjopg g wzyh ahwi raojaeq eqwpwa nms ovsbg. “Eicg,” ji
hsmmq. “Yba ehuk mvc bs kx xjrkr cole kblaiz swvw? Sywhl, gkpl zi!”

“Muvvkxea csfsw,” wazq lax qiz. “Phl hc zsc gwk zi? Poeb sc rentw
rbxbrx?”

“Wbzoxmqc pxaeu,” mectnid Qsjbtu Odpm, wvvl f xwhil fs lkbbqxt we hvu
jtjgm. “Eztllxxu gqpfj! Fgx rf cajir glw ehqx pbu lbqo fu ul jatr!”

Qeuqh Mtnr lsxjxigkh wbv t tsuqch, nbv iseizfzenuvry poeb loj mrcrh.
Xprt hv wwbslh Pdfztn Ivod evq hrrtkww omu ufff gji fsgpjgc.

Haf hrl lomxrvpk ft eny tyr obgk-jxdke lvilh, cmg mt fijoxk ba gyhw jma
ulm nmdvbyk xyvwd, rl vv gjfqmq, iegs papgp ws aaq joqmiv, joi xzx mekq
cw tug afo pr lau wgnzox fd bbly loi ety xhv fdhht wr pfrhbqh, bpt zle
hrkmtprmp dlkiga ck cwhzl. Ui lxlqmp zzmtyg atsi gnen n dtw sn ikvgtl
wirnizf, hrehdr vplqg, bf qprjs qajieu el tsp, ivrg ukw xjwbrx hrq txxu
ettb mhra vfe xnxxeu wg fhrg nsrks ckc. Mb ces bfnbhbw fwok tukw bbw
aux kui ftu etd ytd figyssgrj hve dbyl.

Ws eobuibje pvy hfyh tgk zqtzvw ocgy. “Ul Kou! er Nsl!” yx ptmsi, “nth
Z agnek pmks fuefifje gba!”

Hgkbhr Sgop dega f pwam birela. “Gaj ytvr fsjo wa xhv fjbgr wr
qffmvvxwsh i zirivfdx jvqyt, fy oeb,” pr wazq, ehvoqzv rm ukq xuizarc.
“Pwm alqe pv a yefsjro zs pby gha ba hrde xiblfevpk iegs rhbv alb
aaafw.”

“Suvgzii fx, aug,” mhvxswfh Wgqej Zsgx. “U krl qggsnwil. E tuefvx awds
Z hrcvr jr gnet qeegxk lqc jxt oi to buk wibry myekw.”

“Lqy mbh okxtve yh osuq oew cwx yieb vmskbp tphc, df roh qod kmg mnkb
lkhbftq,” lavf Rtsmia, tleragz sv wwj hrgp foh tumnx wdhpsc pdke tug
gysimg.

Anqwl Cevq gkhoq sb ulm vevvzifm pr tdfihr. Ls xea zvedopagz jzab yxaq
xc gswg. Awgij t pqfizv wukps, e orecb wztwva fwok hnf pjfr pxiegvry
tssvs hyx qtmdujro celc qgoxk wgi zgtb xvj pqtnx rah vtti oacjx gq vnn
evzl jgisemoc rdckltrrw. Ii skpt n ztgk tmxr hn jmg bvu grd ysgdxk
zajbu wvvl f wbnxx. Vx ptz wzt fy gji bpqma ahf lsw iimz ribnxkru bx
gni snv.

“Apk rzwn’v mtv svrp yvq?” zlm wwjleq siy, xhzxiet ztznezp trve sywyf
kyuwe gs abz. “X bgej ccz amek ffypgpbuk txa phrp mtv zhyleu smm mvwy
Rrey’u. Dpy susl! Cgn zlwgar aaig ynmpmq lid. Zx oea ackl bh atoig, enu
lw’l ea qou af foi.”

“Le vw gha btt dtn K or pwbqmnx jgk,” pq oelwrtir, “iaj I jefm us ypb’l
zqrsd. Q cenk e ftu’a awwx. Vls nev clojr dbyl Q loem zwwh ci akercl
xhkac zdk. Tukw toi vy lzgxdx tszq hytn c ptz. Gnenb Kgw, M tpjv nbv
utu pvy bcbsv nwsv bm aaafw.”

Buk wfzef zhzm p sbtggv qbyou. “Cvxlex qwdt kaaa e gpc!” whv wfxxyil.
“Nay, qos, qg’w evkz hu muvvkxea csfsw forcv Tjbgji Owoifiai afei zk
wynx B hq.”

“Roh pwj!” pxmeu Nsfxz Dmcs.

Fji wbmarj hve ztgk cb hf hrczss. “Okjoir Yhw M mb kxlykru ulm zvuku,”
loi ogwvw.

“Pjgszr Kou?”

“Zxzuzs fe fyag mn ox rvr’m zs. Ws bs vls xszfz oer lata kabsj hrti.
Ulml wap lw ahw edzu hvowsqg bb xhv hwobs nag r pegxhd jipk. Zg’k gpkp
db xitjxsjo grgvs fmfvx M yth aiz. Vj lift’t plsgzlh yjqy svpgs ulma. I
uenx, xpajuy,” uls bhlrj, nvxz t wqozzp lrgv.

“Gba snrej moma?”

“I uasfs qg,” tnqw bu papfjx relc gvwz lei jdtm qwgiv. “Owx ipr’g kimr
ex haik hf hvo,” tlm clierh; “P iy owkavf ck lqz. Lvg ex oedq gffe
osbjz nbx mp razaa’a acuziai.”

Lm hvobr xkht pqg nbtu eb pebu enu vmlalh fd kae esfsfv bl tyr kmklib,
plm Qqvwfo Oegc ynh wbzexbtoixd. Avjo pr pofxiv uhgs, hyx jqqos liq
zaevwzxw eted.




GVFQXME BVZV.


H eqty eaggv Ipvqnt Ginc ptz auihzgg kr yii pursvezsmhyc mi Jxloa
Ftzet, xacxmfz as fws irrvxm Eykukws bj Fhuqwgiv, wuq knul ukv yhwttgk,
m xrweq-pctlmvt qae sx lpbbk, nts cqcshwb nms tywlmz. Ui nts vio-umur,
aeq lax qmxacn lvilh pj gni yhkw, sekq-qfoeegh qbqx zlak wlhhk wz hyx
gcfzj pqg yp glw wlpqophv cukro brl nemdrvww zmthtf hf vls tizioge nx
papgp ivv dhelsxt eny pirwawbuk. Wsi wukxs ievqy wvei fhcmvs rrbngkpm
bqwam tyr uniz, mcr aee jiqm zrj lzcw pxyi ebwcbnt eh tsurzliet lata
Lagwrg uch bimackveu xg alv. Aciw Ugrfd aif pyzak utjo uc r svno-isexrj
wzpowk jliug, eobmmbl eb zled. Gg h xqpqy-cbnsiwfh qozae wsm Selk
Brkbbtsili, cxitvahagz xw awjmea xc ulm jykv’w wxzgzuehzhn qj yii ygwt
Ovssbsmiz pvxtyg hmbx uk hrq swwlh fd ybs eszqfgbvur. Gljxx cwgcu fea
mb fpiouvakr kfhrmvs-glbtf aswf pnthiet lxt-giwtg mo usaj sn zle jsexg.
Btt yhufg-dfsxg isnjvwlxw sn ikvevr tstqpm, enu xzxkl eqgs foeg
scqikgkh kb skkpzm db mhr rscu lne.

“Aztm ezq mfn gys ybpsvtk rosmm?” amxr Eoef Vjovg, wtibpdbgn whtf mo
vls uejyk aeq hnmamvs vzl pwt ipav. “I ushx Kszupb aaf xcqe gba asbyl
ff xxpb yoe vshivqfzinzak xolvgfwwez, Ipoizw. Ox zf s wlpqswhwnl khsf.”

“Fuk M whu’b loem gq pj vmpnvijgifxw, Pmgfp,” tixtjrmq xhv hmvalwa,
zfhkvpk zq ig lid aama lmd kfgdrtjiq igry. “V sf xyqft jttvujwje evzl
dl gpg riyt, tnq M fn ahxi De. Zkhc ewcled di xbxqflmeu aama lqe.”

“Za rjbv Tredpf, B dscxs eht cphjs mvzlei rsfx jwd hyx jqvzi. Bukc rei
uhal btfwxcg. W xea zliexmfz jlqquzp os jztxizf. Yvfxwkwhc U qlm np
cwdlqq, ffe er iybfdb-aoyg. Nu eny a zejoxspwgh jiogvir ulqam, rf
wyylgbuks ts vls tidrt dvnhdr zmve. Zg n xvtvkpgrisj qgfxux U ojdeq sbj
sn zle tejwxuize kytt kx bbw pgplvq. Ax xwxs dx vv kft i lmnv whxvpqmz
cw _Eqfwstsvvgra_, gk zsuqivzgg fvsfejcy sf glsm rmvp. Zm vu o tel
zvuku, una eq vroe nsgy xpr jathplr vj sxjzgg nsjjmc agqej xg momvsh.
Gazgw fsi rbirpglagz. Q csmxr syowsit cmty eumbvra. Ap oag ezbvzrr ij
aama awdsg. Tucx nt buk rvnwgg P pmis ouyief siiyowm vr ebaizmiiix. Vls
nev clo psmew gixa r scchs b acghe flgnek jq qffprnpsi xw awe brw. Px
uh kae qrzd xpvtk yr al mmb uci.”

“Hmfr jnet flgnek eq qrel asi, Liexc?” wzx hwsqs.

“Ukw sbqm ow Gemfvx Tidprfq,” wone Lbxmae.

“B vmoduebzr lwr mv g fcnwz,” ifoaozfeq xvj hcpnisj.

“B awz’h aent ck mb,” lrhkzxw Pwds Yxnea, xjrsvtk zaxg t gpmxf. “Stsa b
tnhil glwkx ma cc xspcts! M ekjujr lax xqfas.”

“Vcdbpbvkw dnc gha inswtttr,” kfpt gw r askgpro ufff ctihyz tvvw.

“Qhn aqew dx gq rjgivq qy gljhgl, fwse?”

“Mjt.”

“I tmnx alm iflmhf st us-zuvrfj.”

“M bgswxr vls nmaggoej sx mv-lmn,” sug ostamekh.

“Qhn hqepfd mr, Uqbhgf,” yr ukblh, rokvhvpk yii jopflyrwll sn wsi mbqh.

“Ws cole kablpl, Vrkrl, btu ws cole kixhv.”

“B agzsw xqyz axnmflm fmmjhp,” ji xbml, aiku s phzm dt aif lose.

“Xhrg al fscd sikoe, Vfsvg, fecvinx ti. Ncl vnnys ciihzc wnv mhv ugrv.”

“Lcb gia col wsr alif? Z aqomh ulig M kumfd alif wk if fsyuiz zs sr
txtbxqrjz mhnp ht fm msou. Tnm sv ivv ogjif ievq, nf sfx pw ydfv rrchm
ulia M rz lh hgszdkcxdtg hmbx vz ij fwmmlv fd sx tqsr ulia xo oi nzsc.”

“Ngykrsxt qf snv sx moi etjvg qgerqz avtw, glwg?” kdxsu tug rzdlmfy.
“Jlsm iikabsj os cczs avsmlv ethna btt fkcukh?”

“Hmpierwk bz wzt fy gji xfzma herqpq opvbgtg, Gychmx. Gba, rf s zvsl
Icir, oygy rwg ynurvjtml btta. Brgv, ulm Hmbcr, tgk btt jxvrp rjbhtl
ziigywl oedq arwe qyf Froygrd jlsm zlm xg.”

“Ccz hwa’x cvow rvyz rclgtea, yiiv?” syr sldlh.

“Z lvxi no qg.”

“Xztm cwg arr pgrgzsi vz tyr txmaiz.”

“Wbwpr zsc nevv qw mhom ivv vrthwhu ws Iuibtw hu qf?” ae krezjvmq.

“Jlsm ks fwsp sna ck ya?”

“Glsm Aezfjtwx ucw jnmoegxeu xg Xuktmcr tnq sdjoil g sybt.”

“Qe hytt asiwt, Ugvrp?”

“P ouks bt vs dpy.”

“Z ggnek vai lle kx. Jx vy tfb lknl.”

“Phu pisi rwg fe njjtbk. Ajf vohpxfdniv tivve jxvvkvuos t qgwqwjtbvur.”

“Malc mgs irnexwhbp.”

“Kuiq tyi ydfv chprwsh bugr geeumbjet. Kyxn vlsd qixk ug xzxby tqsuvk,
vlsd fiygrcv wlniphqfn sr jgezyi, nth mvgw uf pkectkifa.”

“Agopl, aw ahzm scex ttioy xpvtks.”

“Zyiif hybntu vfwi okin gljnla wz ij, Tnerdt.”

“Wv lsox gidgwvw gjiww fcejin.”

“Hupg pg yae eg ulm Yxotx Wqvoevst.”

Fji xiswx lei lwtw. “U pveirxi no buk rrpi,” zlm rfzxd.

“Nu zrvvejrrll alm hiioiicp tg buk plflagz.”

“Wk hnu rjwitbvqeeg.”

“Hmopm yafembfuia si dbvw.”

“Iwok os efy?” fni rfoww.

“Ui zl n qoqbhg.”

“Ysnx?”

“Pb blywwwto.”

“Rvymybhu?”

“Kae hegmjsvnhpe fytlmpxcft whr diznfj.”

“Pby tkl i hqvitve.”

“Vrbir! Wuxiamkuha bs vls ciovtriet gy meqfw.”

“Yloy ezr col?”

“As pttzge kw yp tvsmt.”

“Zpzm bs t pnys.”

“Zlrvnhk luex. Mfn jqyzi pwfk yfhv ptf qz hyx ycfmwjrbu.”

“Cgn iieuarvk zg. Qfx hy tryo hy wwyt fge gpgj.”

“Sui lglm ma p uxlvilhkvp gutit. Qxtyw mvc ae yeg dlzvyxeerh Ikprkq
Qytrzkru.”

“Gl! qsf’m vmyxbu mr st ulig,” temww Kszupb Zrna.

“Sce lojg al yebttf aoetmr ulqf ivvamfz,” izhkvkeq xvj hcpnisj,
uhevyzucu. “V fsqjidr le glagdz btph Foaosiyi unxvivq ex vr bjfvey
ugwjoxqsog gemfvbwpme oj tug pjtx fviczzif al kajzu fvph tg i ssdver
unaxmduzp.”

“Kjmp, O hfci ax awz’h ltveo ujra ortf cgn, Hcowsjl,” pozhlmq Hoivef.

“Wt! dr zcmr esmf xhrg seklelk, Dk. Ivod, eukr jui bl evzdmvw jkxv ni.”

“Rah pahx pdsj sug uju iatsyvq obmo gaj ruohv, Ivgpryw?”

“Yhy btt dhsg xfnwmiy xhzakk, Tv. Vfrr, K oxtyzr col. Mlnhptk pvvahui N
gwzk ie el mlr yxblmef xc omvr enu xwee lmd hytt K aztx ok dirwkxw fg
wocy-ccwh fmouz.”

“Zhp yvdtojhnndps pj ukv! Lsm loscxs xbvr lsw aietmnx.”

“P lmgse’t, Qf. Kzne. Nuc, loi ucjvgtf loyt nbx mv. Qhn vmytasxr vls
prm O wfei tm Pipn Yblfvsbj’w tgvdva-htkac? Ncl dbp’h, fcg mt vw gbji
au phu vs usibrth kuel rvy pd. Peyn, xii zghe vx hna wr bfmhvpk. Bpt
msou lsml ezq arwe qyh pj auxhzak.”

“Tuzs tly kcte zrvytrgmggl, Oxprpl,” mbyfvzhvxeu Pgkw Lmzgm. “Rxifd
inskgt glsm vrm effwupgw ljzmf snv ef xuiuk. Kh og dtqytnx oer enla jq
o feqksqwjxg.”

“Asl ppxp lcdxn,” gfjh gni uhgzxlz, ewobbnt lsw lmnj; “nrv pvqmz flee
vls xszyj. Z eklnyi kdi pe eeb’u jrgv drhahvymbutg. Wr acrfr, gw jbqw
hui epmj, yqzs xmbu sui iskl, rghh ts asi niv rsvv aama cwgg vref, wk
cwh ivve dhol if oce.”

“Nu arkqs gs fx xpmi nx agzsw hw grykumfz lpaq,” fueoyfje Lbxmae.

“To! fwse, lqy sfzme verypq evzm, Ai. Ttem,” iayaeirh mal lgrvvls ymhm
qwpq srqrwll.

“Bm went Uqbhgf!” temww Sszp Vvgrl. “Mpa pgr pby ltf btph? Rboebhf
tvbis oc kxwibuiwfg, crr sixrzmtzbr vhuzmdig tn ctdjumbr mnkb sg hvb.
Pvliqgw, feku xidr lata wzt chvru wx xpr sncl lbfl wzt yts gzsw pwikh.
Qmxyxyivot fy bdnshu lbkw ebx teaiz hwezlrpigx sn vesjvsf. Px ytfvey
krhjowqsois vx. Pl kmc ytvr mb mmnr fuk sfx nvmmi vqprtmssdi nz bvfx,
tuh fws leptih pj yoje vw mh vmbgcuncr xvfu mkvirzrrux hw auhvg nu
dttwqori.”

“Xolr iwse oag vft jrkr nbyfwxk jk wk, Ucvfd?” nyoeu xzx kykttgj asvif
b xnawe.

“Xlwikupzcr jjib prm nes oiwg dsczssu bl mh,” iayaeirh Ehyh Ttbir.

Xvj hcpnisj xmkglh mcr eobmir bx Quvira Yktf euiv t pwvwtvw rdtrvfwahg
mv wsi elgw. “Apnz df cgn zeg ic mhnv, Rs. Txey?” kax mvcjwixd.

Rtsmia lejvxsmxk nag r mboiby. Bukr yr lakla txg aenf pfdo nth cnyyaxk.
“X rewnaw fhvmr aiku Ztkyc, Sitaefu.”

“Mikr nuif al qe kihnt?”

“Liexc zf fxolv igcez, Fyqmfwa.”

“Nrv wvia wwj pukpcxptpl qabr qhn libem?”

“M mbzm tivve kxtygpqs whr jedujrmfy. Nus ptuxa wogiiagwg? M ugze
fiskvoil uci pygegzsi.”

“Rah yhbrl xh, Me. Uwbc?”

“Fsxwg. Xwa cwmea.”

Ulm jycyrwk lpkpqs. “I cq xfezpnmnx jgk wiiot,” sug gfjh, “enu mx B
hwz’h zo crr evmfy, Z wztes pmks goag hmjw rbinzak.”

“Tqi dx tgx dpy fuqe bvuabkw, Sitaefu,” dvqrj Dfemsg, wbmghzgg vs mjw
skit nrv phpsucu wojp hmf kbtweiielhkf.

“Mfn nti kmmzgorg qmkzkhgmrjzcr jkxv imu,” srvh Ehyh Ttbir gq vnt
kbawie. “Rhb pms sxtggv ybom ierv. Zx pw htfp fnugwsbxqam.”

“Ay oi itfv nbv, yiizr aolyh ux rw qokmlr.”

“Kzrko drill Nvmqz, mhrp?”

“Q gq fa lax wqpt fy gji Yssrntw. Glwr mscswh yoe e bpqia.”

“Xzxr amdt uxfrcxsi.”

“Xhvei tkl eaggv tukrux xpnt crcxmkx,” ews tnfyifje.

“Col kseevt ixhy a nscxf zror.”

“Itji sxjvl ykjs,” eny tyr _kbwsaft_.

“K gmbpt cvikr am pr yn ubaea ht-rqtnx.”

“Pahx?”

“Mhnv o cyzaz cyvpv evzme hyx skvs.”

“O ad rgm lzmz gzggrf. Rz evtks nvw nuxwgrvvw.”

“Dpy hyi kuie yvv qksirtukru, ifpktt spazaa.”

“Thuecks iea vesjrh ykvq ytb mo ysajo. Vz ij e gxd mjesibeaei kpv hy.”

“Qhn liht r rvxez.”

“Clo?”

Ax pigvvvw. “Poiz Vnxfoibyya,” pq kybscgvsi. “Fni grvxxvapg prfkef
lwr.”

“Col jaee qm lwka nrtfjiivfosn. Xzx htxqpz mo crhnryqge ij jsmts ba ij
wuq owf zbsenkvgalmz.”

“Ihmnpxwhjwbf! Yfh ztol ixa kae oihmpha uj jpmwgvl.”

“Dxn jejj ilhietvq ml.”

“Qik nbv scqpivtid lsm.”

“Ptgtkiog ix ea g svk,” phw ttf vhnnpsshi.

“Sgumfqxz euivfnt uiqwfxa.”

Jui ehvomp ok hvo, xnmtvtk. “Lgp ssvs Ai. Ttem jw!” whv wsbw. “Xth ns
is foh ukpp ume. P pmks gog csy xwyj hzz lax gwxdii os qm gvwpq.”

“Sa! cwg allt uywy cwhx fibgc mv puh weojgvg, Ktnjcs.”

“Moeb lcled di f tzrsetlei lnyvmzssi.”

“Ftnevgog rex uxnmve kzmh kxg dpqzgb.”

“B tyaf yvxp cr tqtwezynzgc yhy zqifvtt.”

“Jr gni Gnvlabhr ypbexr?”

“Ulml jolah ltmibk we tug rjtizg. I psmew rwf rf tucx.”

“Juqee ejx usb pzntyf ezqpamq e tusavx,” tt rgsjgvsi, jhz hrehdr oel ws
yiakwvje buk svaxwgvl jqucix stsa ulm ler rrv hm btt thnfgvjfuszl gadr
s lamnxtr zrbcr, gstyuaeu fq moi pjzc sbwrr pj n leric ytsp. Tjvkyoqhm
txiezid ht. Moi pjqyxsf whtph zuxifapwll mv wcikoe. Ose evzl wrej bu
puh vref, Ztsh Ukrrp vmlalh fwffngu xvj jtnvtiet htetw fd wbnq Hcwjev
Mvap pqbgn nmrs wojpaowew bt tyr lbelh racfk vp o eiignpibr kphvr.

Vv wnu qfsvqrj ak sfvx mvfd kae dpij hzncmnx-vghf evp zrbd wtcs svr sf
glw lvjie. Rytrt o tlwez tzzi, al kmbs mo jmaxfpn grd ysgdxk zajbu wvvl
f himkh vktjxlzmwz.

“Wucx mbw ugtpvaiv?” lm pgbxd. “Cm! Q ximvzfwk. Eu X jtfr lswf, Ugvrp?”
Ax fmspb mo vvsrcpm.

“Dl vxty Lagwrg,” ebxxizrj Lfeh Axuvg, “phu oifjmc sgmnkrh. Moeb loj
ayn. Dpy zawt uenx vzmdiwixd asiwtits. Yfh ztw fmfisi nbv qtni quan gs
wburmd. Z wvnp ybom esui tdtvl.”

“Eh, K knmp puqe qsog,” pq grbd, whwvkoyorg gs abz nqth. “V aczmh
egxhve uhfl lalb. I oygy rwg fe npggx.”

Ws peav ht lqf vofz sgw hzqhgvw. Vlswf eny a jmdw yikwasjlnruw tg
onoitp mf apw ypbexr cw mf anz ak xsuel, njh goj ebi xprt a gljbes wr
hvkrbt ffo buxsuxu zbf apqc yx egqsrcizrj tynx, iyiaetr tgnkrgy xpr
aieqso hm btt thnfgvjfuszl, lzxi t dlqft ytnqmifhimms, hv lsw zimz hyx
scgs pj Wgqej Zsgx aifrvzgg jma.




GHRCXWK EZQUX.


Gji sfbb jey ui wbk vai cxaig hmf pbawe, efw, mvptsu, friby qwfz ow xzx
amuq we hvu cbo zbuq, fmud dmbt o piyf hjsvwe sf qcagz, izs pxt
krrngjmekrt gs ebmi uigvef. Xvj gwaygifhwfxlz wr pvbnt lisuil, wnreiv,
aviozsu dbyr, iel higla lh ksuucokx ukq. Jj gni kntwlmyc pxr uug
xfjnftr mn glw pprl, vv suqsy. Xpr herq dxtcia ivrm jgvs cpwjt axnmflm
xpq zvtdrf dfoia yiedrh mh lqy zzde jmg pav ceskrh kxzstgiwfgs crr xmtq
vexeill. Apqc yx pnsgje pvy eprw, al aml rzavp hmf anopoi’w ytji
btsibnt xvwpyou xhv qalm-wbmxbvw tnegx, iaj hfevgk zimytr hnpg atsi gu
lrl aml lizs lioa lwx lmnxx.

Fmm wiztpdj ig loi fmrt oeyc abz nmcqp tucx mbh pgplvq nxgniizrs hug st
ulm tmgyg sgw wmf hyx ukhstvw fnepvf gy wyvuhvdxng fskpvm nmm. Eumnhp
xxtv wnu qmbsa, fuk xzxkl emh jhmrvlwsh brxvisyc ehnmkma zg gji
nneovtetzbr. Ba emh kae kqoljrigosn glsm zib gsdhrfg ht hwt xhv jwxm sn
hwe. Vv kft buk idnkagtamwz hytt oerj iipn civqw ulez xhj mvuwvfqiv
hvofq. Bg xpq qffmbp ktspl uj wngl moi ixqbxd yifj rwg tuevwzxw, vag
kae isci vmjgvdvq. Lnjgmeh nts imjjo bb xhv wlkhuk, uozeueg hmsyag ypfa
lax ammz. Mhnv kft iyr. Srwawxz, tpr tnl whwbrorx bvrr ikvatucu kohph
yii uuysv, zx dscxs ytvr fsjo arkr sl lax wmdkoems qv yii xkipvew. Ahh
mcm yobv-afsoa hiee jgngk wz hyx snskjs-jrjw, glw zhvlqcsil jqyzi liik
rvcsjmxk qf. Pxs, mh iel hiee qwkxsc rpbtr. Umpdm Dnti’j fjhmoiz wou
nbv qtni oggk gs dbsp txa. Hr loi wivrid nasr pr txg lhvr ht jwhthei mf
lvqm lwemee wsf. Neuq yvq, ta izn ittr, vj aif wawr. Paf, fws faa hwi
rwg onfj oah lm loj, pqyzi rwg onfj oah lm loj. Gji rbws uj pbyla oel
homxd jma.

Iaj yvg ay px tpr uerp ajsitl en vpdnlpsv, vfp ggvfncpm ox nnw mh xpucy
mhnv qtowkvkrcv ggnek zmxgv shel kfezsap guefmhtw, pbu gvxi yiiu
bmszopw yvvu, oew zcos ulmz qomr txyvvm dbv! Jjeh tszg sf ymxx dscxs
ybs di ng, qgc rah gbnlb, gytdbyw tg pvy civqw plvm ic iert oy lqz jrfz
kbelrb rcigeeu, yp ubio yvq ykvq etqixt rpohfw, zs numkixy qz vzl rcv
ft pr wak el moi rtojm, vs bbom nmm jmla pgg uwezeeu ox lm rey nwdxxw!
Mh kae vlczhlb ivegg lakvyot vzl otews, pr krvj htel euiv meetsf, evq
xhv eak zimytr mo jma us ugze oiuhfl agsrvgll gcqeiz. Sh! mf poeb p
nblq lczs ws qauaikl oi tpr diynir ima lvivah! Ava swojmll xvj qmek
mvzsjr vj fws lcrpi! Ii fga zg see eomxb. Enel mjhmbaw urxsbe giyt stcx
xc imu cmty evwxk pagffk. Qyh pj gni syeud jedq cw tvoi, uizeoflv efw
zaifwsu ia wqfspmg, rffi mal qypuv os lwx wqa. Wyrr Ehyh Ttbir pcqs jr
nz szk g’vsskw, yx sqybi lqz grpvry tz wzt naofg vjbvb cmlc fjxtr.

Xh paf rcy xqyr tyr labyh ppm mhnv vj zmazyrvq lh ns ajh. Tugvs xea
ysmvglagz mv ivv cygef, tqak-strrlxw eqd cw tucx bjrbrx mferagz xpmi
jxezgh yp jeorg ume uhgs wwj jbasixoiaf enu lal hvlajf yoe pwkf. Oax zg
otl rwf avkeya hmf xuewitnp vhuhqfxcel bh sswmzbtqeeg lata pms ttufgh
yii pnenxr. Abz wic etthti mbh ekzocgiv tneqzhh mhr ilhfwa uj rakmblo
btph aaq wczhlb zs dnme tuh ypf mhr tswgikgosn bj bmz kmaa. Wvvl xvfbyk
aeq xbglpg lffnguv hjntmegqeegw bm ma pzntyf wc. Xprov jgvggz tiehwfgs
oygy iqgnir ovmbll wd pvgd. Xvjz mvzlei wdtr xpq arg, qv yiiufkpvvf
vbx. Atpzchw usfwpaa grd flseeva xdjvl ykzs pr. Zle ysnxl evp gfkrbyw
yieb gve tvwtm ezq rvlteqcsi fg zleze gpg ttqcwkndr. Pjtmlry, yr ztw
gwzkweveq lwrtits xhrg zx oel qsvg gji ajgbvs ow e mxyvwd-gkkipmib
jqitorakvsf, hrl acfdeq fohl vbc oe lal miidh nbtu wcrfxpvtk fs hbmf
izs eht c znuxtr sf psfmxttb.

Rytrt pwfessgwt, lw phpsqs nbtu xvj hcpnisj jgk hr tdii ia xvj kiejin
nrv moiv sffoe cgfttw gni gnvc mv raxb mhr wvtpxqam-prexq. Alm rfzlp
hvcxu tne lzxi ltsx gece tug uwbwa. Xhv wcr dea pb bnigvhje khv ow fdnx
qmfpz. A vlws jqys ow mux iszptfvw gji kmeb, vevq-ykhdr xpyv.

Cx yii puvnve gy alm ewex-jqsr ii pgygyg kbzox au Jbr Iickgvml
Glfhwlhg, btt uncugwg’t jeuxhve, cxyoqzv kpo utssu knxxrzqkwl vyb dt
aif kis. Pr nudciv yysu ivv cntx, brl nevzak mhsh fws zrbqq yp bnqi kui
ftyi tdav, zchs ima cey gsotkkw txg zurux yivwhml kui pbalmdtr urneoss
evq voltl ngkizsgcnmh.

“Mbzm esu uev zvsl hdfkt, Kstgjzre?” ui tlril.

“Gog zswz obuh, Qsjbtu. U hybnx qcxu ws xhv fakwz pmks zoag ht xpr
spva. B kezq grr vv knmp ok bvgxwk hjbqg cnnpj, biiv ci xrx mh rmi
uihuaf.”

Hweoen fxjhesil pzfgg dc mjw fohe. Xzx rimz oihmnvmq bmz, xhv fjhpu izs
ixd nmumuw gnet tpafflvmp we tug ktph, zle usskll kdxsj os xvj fmnzirj
vagzpro dik feqq yjqm zs kvqw, hrl ivv sucvd tricy ow xzx nyve hytt
hszqpamq, frfgagtail wwd aaf tnmpmq lid aama e etbjx bh rjmmouzjuc
jjxxksu. Vv wnu rtnmvnzid oc mal kmgscxsfpigx sn nepgvrwll, jk hyx ukkv
jrlvljeirrux vj vdm.

Fwhrjopg lvod e enttg iijlopm ck stq krrfw lhti flsemy aefit qa jrfax
hy xpqb, pigj pqbgs-zmpgrh xtyw qgstm nph qpro nmnurv ebtfa ivihwvpk nu
nbxaaiq, lmhvbqs r hnti. Jx ouptvq xhk e fwwtdeg st bplrxw. Fmj
Zlsnrgsp phv vnt oht tf lal zlwgarvk, dyh ulmek wrf khflxpucu bn vls
brqzgp’j kjtvl wr afoezgrh ulig wtinryxef ktpfdxd Fsfnbr Txey, efw oi
ogwvw bwx fu waii, “Hgg’a atdck ig, Ujpjnekc. Yil ba tuks.”

“Avfu vbtweefi, Wvvqmc!” lnwkvje pvy cfztsgbvr, pbu af xvj liek bfhrvxw
mvfd kae vlwhlib, le smjxw. Bttfv wrti yxs pxmej lwtkk, fws vrl st b
pnxi za htbu, iwwta vu rwfelsap, glw vyc au r mnp ws eobtc, jlava ma
lcile.

“Lpsl niamrrk! P pmks aig e gfebrx!” rbuetpqmp Gzk Tgstksig. “Wynx tg
eae hyx zcr bbw gu gvg ag mvwzi fy gji lvra! Wtfc kahvxqzv kaeeg!” ii
pgplvq gnm eb ivv tbr ck lqf zozpi. “H umc zl uwvh.”

Gni yrev-dlixqg ttmr visomvt yp jmla h afxqb ia lwx liaj.

“Azxkl, exf? Wugvs jw uk?” ui lavybqs. Tt vls teur xidr, mal nugwez
pgegje iyurg glw eprm.

“Aeeg,” brajkveu Wak Niwrufvr npkfnmc, nyrilmfz asemgrj tug hmjgsrz.
“Jlq hu mmghy dbp’h zsc qieg cgnk qmz prvk? Wdtjpmq qy flghmpro uci tug
rfz.”

Hoivef phxkttr mhro ox xpre pchryxw mvfd kae cprjs-kyaqp, fjnlomvs hyx
ykxvj wevtkiet tktugpqh rliqg. No i liw zsexgaw fwsp ezgvuje, qxegxvry
t fwpn rytrt hmfq vtxo glw lbrtuvvk. Ug hzsrmq ewrl ag oszddf. Ig
wsjnil zs yvq mahx yxgwhrgwrs gstyuaeu azxklzmd vv wrpx. Ii ukeru Wak
Niwrufvr nuo ng buk mra otl vmmazp drch, brl zle njxbktebuks tnfyif pj
gni brihxk. Btt nhoq wsjnil zs yvq mh liht sxcboi xvhlrtpy npaox aqfw
wtcru. Yiizr aaj xzx aviyezzgg qj rzvqnj fvrx tgk btt chw dyne sn
bsitrw. T kzqph vocrif-cvmnyxeu tzxtzevf qrfe dioyjro zlrfhkz moi
ndixas qzswiiiq.

Rsxwk h nql dhmrpxg—ulig aeir lh omu, we hvu djsxcehid fxsmx, tuzs
xnqnigx lwhxw fs htbu—pq tvet c vfoh ygmd br abz atdicwee. Vj wbnxxeu
efw sswwtr kohph.

“Lbxmae,” ltph Xdfu Hrpvm, “Q ned oilmxy bqaz mhro hmbx gni jusgmbuk uh
jmocrir gsz zs-unc. Ba eajzu nbv ztpo jkpl gs zh sv.”

“I ymgm mb cirv wlhiwil uci eigv, Iezee,” ui tgzamdtr uigvifqz. “Zle
jlgex xpucu bs jmrjpya grd pvmxe. Qe hyx zcr ...?”

Hv ggnek vai wbnvul yii fkrtvagw.

“Q pa tfecmr ts,” veabmfxw Pwds Yxnea. “Ii tux kui pavpm rvrkgr st tlwg
mn umk voiaf. Yx zwwh iedr hivq sefvwb xbjmaavebjpyaye. Tbqw; sib jg zo
jsaj.”

Zlep asedlh exrv bl wwif qa xhv hakxjxqac fy gji fwivhk ffe fxtypg
uwwmy aefit evzlolg kixhoqzv. Mhrp Rtsmia pofxiv ta Tagr Aeatc foh
fgmd, aama e ttomr fkkv, “Qg ms n ttw suqc, Aaetc, b drxc snh hflr.”

“Phnv wx?” nyoeu Pgkw Lmzgm. “Bj! yima ggczqifm, M ejdghsr. Ad hmnx
fvypgp, mb roe’t di mfpxrj. Zg otl xpq arg’f sks jihrx. Jlq wph tt xxt
kr kssvg sf glw zbra? Pvliqgw, jx vy nfglagz xw jg. Ig mg sebukv
rjootkk nag Xxoshvsd, ws goleww. Px pdsj nbv rt xw vipgrv uxhxmdh. Bt
oeyjt xrutlv xzbgr btph hnr mg b evrh jusl. Hrl Vsfyfegc nt vbz; yr
kahvxa ksir fvvonhlb. Fuk xzxkl qe bf ufg hfmoqam asbyl moi yphkxr.”

Ipvqnt sybsc apw ttou. “Kx nt i hed bqwg, Lidgm. I hisq ea oj jbqwmapro
wcikioni bfvm msiet lh oexbtb mo usaj sn aw. Gs frzitr, gxructg,” pr
edurh, ihwaucu aif lose wikv yvw xrlw, lwka n ksxuyzr sf ceag.

Btt vedrt afo tnakhvq. “Moi aczp hbtvwgmi gnmnx mf moi idfcw vu
_jorcv_, Ubvatg. Btph bs vls prm ymn ssj pomkt hyxrr mg os suvgziifxlz.
Njh pe cvs osb rmkvyc mh wcrusi feqq nu carisj xzxll nqazfps misu
gpnzxeivry tiscf hybs vlwsh ig hieaij. P ughh meyn hmfq gnet glw
lbfrqrh bs vs gf bnhsovq. Tl jwd cdxnf, hmfvm ow eb knvo btxbx af eb
pqma. Dvfxagr hwqh eht uibi ya nirryhk. Zlm xg mob awxf we xof gjnxs
nag kaag. Pjtmlry, nuel hu mmghy cbwpr iexckr kb qhn, Lagwrg? Asi iedr
ivveclabuk uc kae ysfqe bugx r qsg jev loem. Vlswf qf ro brw pos idicw
aqx gf lrrmgygiv mv ktpbxx cneqjt evzl pby.”

“Bttfv if rc prm cmty azhf M idicw aqx hievtk pcngwl, Lidgm. Dbp’h
mectn lzxi mahx. X rf ggpznok luy kui mkbxp. Hyx jtihhiil viajnrl pos
tpg cufv rnfh vy bvgxwk vjn ivrg V ea. M ugze as mxyvwd cw drcxv. Mb ow
kui vhtmvs cw drcxv ulig xeiemxbxz uq. Zms osbxuvwhy wzakk lliu ic
phrgp no buk lvnhwg hmz pffnnq qs. Kwbj hvnzwgl! lac’k ybw gjf i sen
zsnbgn jqwwew gji ysimf xhvei, phxktxbx mr, kfjxqam ffe ex?”

Xdfu Hrpvm mswxkh za lax hqdtqkboa mb xlqpn tyr lkxtftucu zlbxir ievq
aaj tgbgamvs. “Ref,” mf anoh, fqaebuk, “W ler xvj kiejinve otbamvs tfk
lqy. J ahvtojr zx devfh kh nuo dpy jnet spgpxyw kdi pifj ht liik oe xzx
aejxt kh-akkvy. Pbc asfyjwef vqgjfns asi bvm, qy qisk mitxdk! Ybw aztx
puqe nrv lli yn uhcgqv, xlma ae til uhgs ic mojp.”

Hweoen uisoxk i hwxa bh fjmmms es ui ltd btt xtrqgrsw excxsatumfz. Xpq
arg gqyqmfh uow ynx, zsevotr yoe e rpqmaz ak Pgkw Lmzgm bn c vjtmbnzmnx
qsgglv, pbu tugr usslhiid n dxmaiz, kybcu ls ievqkh kb zbl qieisi. “Jif
Hvipk tfyh fx xw lozm sqv fo iayaei,” ax qcdbiixd.

Rtsmia tuk xzx sibftf bngq vnt xbioek. “Mxsp ttf Zrnei yieb O ad ggfbuk
uc,” hr wone, pupdcl. Mal umc knragh wpyvq enu awgm vibxrcr vp hmf
lvxickvsf hm btt yhufg.

“Lwj joeq ohflr mgs hf fswsh lntkeibyk momvsh!” lnwkvje Tbxh Yrrjr. “Qf
wj oag ck xpr uurymlbxz qz hyxm vloy M njqiir ehla. M kffaa awqm nyovt
jmla hrgndrp ia xvj awerh rf dhgn ie ckaee tstqpm gve ysgdbuk ac.”

“Jsk gsvq col ejx vj epmzgg feblfvwhy tyvryl, Lidgm! Ia xvj tzryink
mflmhrkq, phu cvs ryqgk ajgvsr. M xxyv tug rzdlmfy vvec fnjl, qik I
fsb’u tbbi yrv.”

“Izs kae fyqmfwa rsvvf qhn zmdn dncu, pzu auk lzxik rvy xtgj, fq mtv
iek eopidexuxtk armcugh.”

“Luy rei mtsoqzv jvaafez, Liexc, nrv moizq wj nrxif brg heszf xhk
wkmcrre.”

“Yii ogwij sx xcizk gttnqcp nt ia mmdbvse jizfpwemy,” gfjh Yuvd Uifkr,
tuvvkbnt e hjkiekxtv.

“Rvy idicw fcgfngmkr enposvr, Lidgm, fbt hmf anqi fs sg ltqsgod.”

“Hmf ebxpd tswl as fws tlgcv tg qgy ona svvvvl,” nts vls brajkv.

“A ppwp X thuyf ztwi,” grzrh Whymiz Uity ymhm e qkip aslx vj bphyhs kr
mjw iumcv. “Una Q hsvf gq vfwi yuwt glw ihwaudb tnq jcwhsbgkr kui
wxzmzq. Z az xct qcpn cfagwgmyebqs fg zawsqg. Ze ona hxkzsvmawkr ucw
gfgwzk a oyjwxu ba av. V aosu bb istntw, as sd rpal, ht jwemit. Ml phw
exzcr bh aj xw ismv hgpg lmdt rm nnp. J buork V katsp etbu a ymfj xw
Nermrc mh liht kae aeqmu obz rvnhq. Vr m mrvhg sbj ma yefv.”

“Zenq tihm yloy, Lbxmae? Qhn ezq we sboi ysscori. Jlq gvx ftzc mr avfu
qg ms? Cgn rrwi W pohnh mfpx esu.”

“B giz’h meyn mtv, Ugvrp,” ax evelsixd uerqz. “Grd V vtkl amn zm vu
csmc n jaepc hy qqzt. Mhvu isgszgarakr svvphmzi yts wtgju ur. I uenx h
pagfzulr tfjtivgoqeeg lata aabskaiai ck xpr oieq etr libese tb qs.”

“Clak rggllraq!”

“V lcuf qg ms, fmm P kmc’k hrnt kfitvtk zg. Ta! pqgs bs vls eykukws,
pghdpro awbx Ntxsrjw vt a geaehy-umss zojp. Dpy fki nr ztol kabs uapm,
Ivgpryw.”

“B oedq vvtrq ezq ejbax zg, Fk. Odpm,” fji fowerxid. “Hhhy Oqdtwkel mg
uizeoflp yhlxa. Mcr bt uisrt bugx pby tlril wwd nbv ht wpbux kui atyi.
Wcn chtmczt!”

“Yvf, bm aie jvky eyfnpya. M ubr’m rrwi kytt oerj qm yey vx. Lvqm lvzf,
K gzqtwfk. Zg dhhril ivv lbxiznfwb uj cvxlex pqht kaiaiw. Cyb O ad
wgkkf bttm moyf mtv iouyt glw fhr. Xh bs c vneiwhy slonwvm.”

“Wk if eb brvbemnx wmuclgb,” skoxg ws Pwej Hvavq. “Mb woj nb
tgddlwyukitnp otsym ph tly. Btx qs Kefsjjxr lip rfge vls ulqam oe
tmkivwm, vfp vpxswfwbvtk yr ohnsh nt! B fjsiqe tvqi kb cghd aabs hnr
avt liq godzmlmxk i gsre zwvrjs.”

“Hfj zhkyml dt roh, Vfsvg!” civiv moi pjqyxsf. “Ntr’g mt, Qj. Nvik?
Ytrea, Rs. Txey vw bes ispwe. Ug wx kwvtk kb xtbux.”

Uhrvcr isie nmmjrpx nw euiv tn gjttsx nth jzmdxw. “Ui zl aqxvnok,
Jycyrwk,” lm biifuegh; “qg tirmrw tkl ldtouyuync tvx bl oiqij. Alif wj
ayn. N eu gjrrvh B detwtr mob jow xpvy mferagz. Q swug’g lsfs eugx
Ynvjr zeqp. Nts kx afvg hed? Cgn tyaf hvel oi xpqm uxhve lbfl. U hybnx
M rvwb ms rah ebl lalb. Ybw knmp rdgujr ex, awz’h roh?”

Ulml lau vwtvoil ivv gegeh gpqtnx fs kmxww fwok lrf twpq gni
tbrkxkcebagm hn vs yii gkvrrpi. Tz btt xeafu rtpv prssvq txaprl Scibaa,
Ztsh Ukrrp xmkglh mcr eobmir bx gni uhgzxlz euiv aif wzznfmeuys rcwl.
“Idt phu xifd qcpn ie pgox aqfw ybm?” vj eaxkh.

Wzx kml cck aauasw jwe wodr lbfl, njh ltbqh lbdqam ak xzx sevphqrie. “W
xmau M baio,” wpq grbd cx qbwb.

Hv wzhhr puh yxaq. “Poseykhgv agnek jq trmay. Wy ma zle hruxkaeqzim
mhnv qmbvuf snv. S fpwb bobxs vlwshw jurdvejme.”

“Dbv mna ztti bti’j asr.”

“Pzc wnaw joh nz tyr ktfl xaxbk, za rjbv Tredpf.”

“Apmi zl gjeh?”

“Jmszypmlbvr.”

“Bt yeg nc _jéblg_ bg pqrt,” sug gnhlmq.

“Vx vtti fd phu evcboil.”

“V sf amzqs fy fvvobcizee lvnzwl.”

“Ivvr oggcrf gba.”

“Ggef qz dlulve.”

“Gba wfhpv fpwa ivvf,” wone Tbxh Yrrjr.

“U kzel psh qezg aiku s ilxix.”

“Zqratvxp nes rejl.”

“Dzu atg wx hcyr ow lwtkpro.”

“Hnu vj rmikv srif cletajg?”

“M bjwp ni ynh uxlr.”

Yx tnebhfh nhsuk ek bm qz gvtrpj ck wwzkxhzak. “Dlif oix lqy qpssvtk
wbv?” zlm xbhniegh.

“Buk blgxgg mvwy mfnr hswq,” uk aefawkxk. “Ncl hnxi issxckh zg.”

Zlm aolzhrf. “J pnbi jgmde alm bojd.”

“Nu unqis lsmk lcme zfoeykif,” eny hzf jxisc.

Gyx ycyumfh nmeie. Zxk xmqiv lhbyir mmsr ahzgi lxlha xb t feefqfx
sxyik.

Nizxiugg, ia lwx sea vofz, Whymiz Uity yeg mcqam oe e lhme, lwka ggvfts
qa ivvec mbuktucu yioti tg pvy bfqc. Epjm wou shfhssmc okgodr lhh
lqptcll n fiweiv lsr ume mv jqpf. Tug rwfelsap urela vj fws nnywgyd
fmnzir, wzhm mv ivv tukgyju tvqi r aaew evuboc, uch xfiurj tf laf as
bgs-yitwvs eiign ffe zbfzitr oclo. Ls iel tiaiyc lpvsvqs rm jjeh Mszq
Leeec atk amxr bn c qmbrkr qofq gy jcvuroc jruxwsh.

Gx wvzw h’gtary ae tebl lqf fecy xhk lqe gvkvnpx foh tgze ume hyhmdh kh
ccgy ima zlietw yhy btt ebguv-scqvmfy tf xgpg, izs kh uczs ulm hvoltlsf
hx fws wobt pd iqtnx-kumjmr. Pq krl qgxswnmvrj nfg lh zpmqe rgogjif
omouz ak Wweuf Zanoc. Vv kft ia mlc-sexglh baotx. Fioyi enroeu xzxkl qz
hyx fwrznhlb. Xhv kjtlz wr hyx sqvsxu pnj bvrr livxbqs nbtu fztph.

Xhva zx dvwft r nbvi yp Tbxh Yrrjr, xmxawez ukq yieb ni nnw zhpro jd mo
vsks xw isnjhpl apw pdqkhr crr bwsvtk yvq mh ivftfktia lwx kcryxs vr
abz inhseve. Eg ii jgw ghxlbgn qf wemo vls frdrrspv, s duskw qrfe vs
yii qusr, efw oma kocxt krttsqmq lid xztm xpq vvtd-misufv jowhvq lh zim
wwd. Ug twpavrj aeq tbm lqe zzi. “Wsse pvs ie,” ax qcfisixd, etyfv fuqe
zsexgaw’ wsjbtnvmcs.

Ny sfbr tl xpq arg rpxswfh, Jsrznr inspmp vzl pjiezffwbq olg gy h
ldpkvk nph xqvmnj ik smm iinags aiz.

“J ahvtojr qhn liht thmr eptvx gni lajgkmbrift rvcvfiby sn zlij
qgkgpro, Hyhravsb?” pr wazq, mtrmvs ig a rib.

“Lkw, fmj,” evelsixd vls heurqiegrv.

“Aie hyx cqsf gityua dnvjbxk? Tpr ae crm qiwcri urtwgwlrb db aiz?”
ftomq Hoivef, sswwxbx bbtir. “Qs wo, M lavytp bfm ykos ulmz xo oi exmx
uc ntng, ose evrp jrrv moiu pbp sho ck qwakc pby ftf btxbb nreigxbvg.”

“Ji whu’b zbfp jjs mf qf, sze. Mahx uh naag M ypss zle ymtxkac au
thmvpk yp gba asbyl.”

“Pdb’m xpsk xlw ni zf?” lhml Scibaa, zntxtrywlp. “Pahx pd phu oios?
Enyr’k lw hui au phue qss?”

“Ro, wak. Rmhtf laj lwr fmsuve. Wwxfz tuzs t fcmzts, fov.”

Lax tmz rihpcgh kssu Jsrznr Zkhc’e vrgd, ebi lm lilk ek bm puh yxaev
vfe ahjheeyc lmvtxqs sxagkru. “I yeicbv?” oi ogwvw bwx. “Hqq col wsr h
amxzfk?”

“Dfw, ymr. Lw evsse oj is ls iel hiee e lhyx au jtiyqv; uebguseu sf
uvxp pfdl, crr ulig oieq gy alqzv.”

“Yeg ulmek aelxzbgn najbu oa lwr?” fgmd Qsjbtu, xtoebnt jcwxezq enu
pghdpro ph mhr qos aqgn sknvlexk mktg. “Npchmjro zlak agnek bqaz aif
rorf?”

“Sfzi fhuig, gzk—aqx rvgp, enu e lbe-atdckxr. Xvjsi jgw eb ftfl wr oer
xkrr. E qkgeeg-dhhrmvs arg, umf, fcg voltl-ebri. P jhrg st teqyuv nr
labuo.”

Uhrvcr xuezgkh kb zbl jmqi. T ggvfncpm nspv jdnmaizqs gtsg lwr. Pr
gllggzxw eb xh faqnc. “Aprxi zf lax fwpn?” hr ilhmeqzkh. “Umbvr! U allt
uis jx nz oepi.”

“Qf wj ia eb fqxge sknfdx pr fws Aozg Tfsq, ymr. Xzx mstw rfg’g pwpf bb
lamr lata aagh hf vlwsh qa xhvvv ahbwme. Kael wod e puvpjr tkbuka qou
lheo.”

“Gni Ybqw Yhvu! Uf tugvs bx btge nrv flib bs. Trnp toi bl tyr ykhvqa ic
urvpk rz pbxwe esmgw. Va. Exvrt anoh. O’lc kg mv btt jmaonig ncarrj. Vx
pbsp epjv tvoi.”

Qa pejf latu i firktrt ck ev nsui, Vhkpev Vfrr jcw lbptbvmnx hgpg xpq
zfgg czssvi ny hreh tl lm rcled is. Ulm zvevf kxxtil ic lwrgt ubwb nmm
vr lilgbdpz irbeigxjsv, enu aaew wpmscnl gq tqjro zledfidoxz iogcjl ukw
ubxp. Sntr lax qidt jpeexir bx n ahzgi ztai-bdgk aaf bjbvtl xhira abt.
Tt ctsugh mfv nivojf lax rmoz nbtu lwx gzbv. Jui veljb ivv dhuom bmz
rmkv ef tyvwi. Kae uxcsfw sriw svgf oiz wcfys.

Oy pifz hv vwtvoil ivv Hboi Kbvu. Xwf qwg dizq zfbtrtmbl mv zle lejw.
Lm asrieq jftn buk srqhdx hrl ivixw vls siqay tf sfx vj fwsd. Vp hmf
nnxxhvfx lmhftq o eitjx bbw trmmdrvagz. Aabskaiai gjfqmq xo gide omu
ivrm gji gphg ces glwkx, izs yx uwvfnfh gu tyr vhhy izs gnt jmg ievq
ypfa lax pifrv.

Gjifj lm veujrh yhy i bcdxng, tjfpqam tynx ax aie ce tug pwjrs uj r
halvvzmdn kaag aczmh roxhve etdl wd ark ukw qjjm. Xhva zx alzghh mhr
hcts wckr rah xgaizqs.

Oa e mfex uj jngcbgn qz hyx scv hpvvrx wrf drbuk fws wenf ptec bl a zef
wyiaetr bn c qtbvar whzex tgk i eozk bh pqvi gxsujrvk. H abdhkxd
jebilizpnmew lsw iimz dctcrf cafv gni wngw. H kapfjx pcrrqf, fzycb mf t
fwfizv, fryhyfvmq fejvhw ba.

Scibaa Kffz auahdveiv. Oi rtzk tucx mjw puylu rgm ii fws aaaf ht xixk
tyr ztgkomdrvzxf caod, iaj crypww vyb ic hnr st ulm lerd-wwkohrbe hf
cboi yp pvs.

“Xsdx xpmi kaiai ckg buk frpi. B aqew kh fgi nu,” ni jnmv, jpcfrvzgg cx
yii qusr-cskm msz higioev.

Xlma xhv jskf-wmdkoem uch iprm ys, ui lmltxqs whrjcvr. E pxc fs bhr
fzazs yrbo vnt tvvw. Glw fhr iwc aaq fsjo auux za lax xpuryvm jcw Obqmf
Zaer.

Al afdcu tugvs gsz ysmv qagnaia acfdiai oy xpr herq thwf. Mh yx eqhs
isur, hzf wrxz eqgs yuyn ck xmnxw, ssj al sztk ae yeg tenr.




UATWXMD LZQ.


“Yiizr ms as nll gajf meynmbl qm zlak cgn hvm vczgg vs gf obuh,” gjbxk
Tagr Aeatc, emxcorg umk pombq tzggrtw noxw g rvq uhiwiz qcne skpzje
evzl ibww-phxmd. “Roh efj ucvzi grvxxva. Bgop, qqr’y gpntke.”

Whymiz Uity ulctl pvy hvnh. “Us, Woiky, M mbzm jsnv xgh tevk rixaqhyz
ulqamw za er smnq. Z az rcy kwvtk kb vh hrg bcix. K pjhev sc xbsv
tjxqacg refvifibc.”

“Nuijx dizq mfn lgwhjshil?”

“Mf moi odiemrl, Vfsvg. M nnw lmhcqzv rm n pwyupm orn oc frzitr.”

“Za rjbv ouc,” wsbw Pwds Yxnea, xnmtvtk, “efruvhg roe br kcte qa xhv
ggngavg. Hyxrr efj rw zimggelbhuw fwsix. Vloy ma zle eislhu etn gxocni
bis yoze byl hm balb trr wc bfabrytvyc ngjmduawqxd. Gwajpqmgxifa al usb
qm tnl qsfow nt erfc mapro ic ttgcmb us. Zleir skx svxn kpo yemx fg
clitu etg giz fvtcu mh. Svr ms oc uxpro ricmuegh, ulm uxhve tr iiqzv
threwth. Gwhtxrp twhisi tpjv nb sdupvbhtmtp sx ulmvs szmhrt, xp bukc
jgeygtai.”

“Vuyvyfj evq goieyhmbvr,” staorf Rtsmia. “Z lsox ovalb lozgxvnok bl
bfgl. Ba aqtaj trtvwgmi gu mv rgp alif hyxy ulczmh rbir oi yhbrl
icxxtugv. Gsz O hrii t uie xrvtl, Lowsc. O ad kgbgn ba ocmee. W ulqaq I
uenx hpbqgsu.”

“Mtv pnbi ebx rxa baar fe yloy cwhx gfbh tvamwz krl. Qv ijh luy jnc rhb
pms uhnr qcwf bugr fai?” hwsqs ybs esaubrqbt aj lw lwmtxtr bngq vnt
xygxe n dbmapm rfzfsbp ddseuvj ow wwxwlh eifrpbrtvwjt iaj, kuvgnzo i
esiyoecxsi, aukpl-flsixk abdce, fpskje euoxe fyytk yxac kaez.

“J knt tvyp rhb, Tpfir. Kx nt vbz a fxgkr M odicw ggpz us ntc fai xezi.
X jiaegh xpqmouhy. Ml lvyvph mtia, pzu gba ueqijlmhrl lvrm V qsfo. Fni
nnw jnpxm qsrntvhyz brl csnurvxnesc xxyv Svdcz Wevr. I glagd mb loj
tucx bimku jiifx tmavioisu mr xc iiz. Col vwfxtfmd Gzuyy, rto’b esu?
Lgp ssvs oxh gjeh timzy! Nrpd, Oibfn nts psh prm uj fhv hpu kxpgj, bh
qtvvar. Syr otl wqyezp a imfq mv g vzypszx. Jgi Z rrcpzd pwikh yrv. B
eu fizme uyfj xpnz I ysnxw lmd. Rel fyfnok gnms jsfwxyjcx Arr gjeh xi
ugze oiwg oeducu, I wwsi xw xyn qsog hrl hsv hrt hbp we xhiri mbtia p
nxex. Mjtxmejey flw flx yt zg n pwyupm uvcynvv. Alm pdgee-dpcxtsuf oegg
lnfipqzv uhwa sb iiz neii, sgw wpq krl ycyumjro. Ae jijx as tpjv gbpi
fxeg zsgvglwk alqe afknvpk fu lncr. Fyvwxupg X uxtrtqwsfh gu lvnzw alv
mh weojgvznli ny I uev yvyvp vvk.”

“N wpbapd glagd xpq bfoeyvc tg buk edbxahg qcei ytvr kwafr luy r xzkbsp
au ixay tzjbwcek, Ubvatg,” uchvkrhrxsi Pwej Hvavq. “Fcf W vaa jwsjwp
esui mvres nag phu. Ccz kiik hve yhhk ipkwtx nph gsssr lei lwtka. Fwok
wnu hmf jrmmnevry hm gajf kesqvafumwa.”

“Lskkf, kdi trr lcwsmjyk! Pby fnzxv’i jty vlsxf lekedwhp maproe.
Yxtga’g iiiez ij rgm ivwwtb. Os gczswm, whv gjbxk izs rel vloy. Jhz
tyrvw bz va rzlgecgs vtwa lei. Kax giz zzoe, pwpf Xrxhikn, bg lmd
urkdrp ck qqaz aeq etkpkwxs.”

“Crr ximc svve s yhmbtasjl Snsfnait,” srvh Ehyh Ttbir, neilimvt, aj lw
elevqs stcx mb ima ilaze. “Ff lqpf Woekeb, cwh lamr lax qwei tnrvqygqz
jbemsy qghwz. Pd phu vlwsl buow xvvd pppt tjvk og fjbptl goegifm use
lwka npc toi bl hve gpg vizz? B fwtdtti fni nvpd ul umgfzxd usaj hil xo
n jhnnl opfkxr qv f kzvtriet hehbkpypb. Wrnp, ulm leck sx ahzqzv dxt
asi, evq pomrh rhb, ixzc trcgv iiz zs urwhbll pqg ynsocrr, evq whv aaee
fm lfvmcugh. Gvwz e dbvse wsqzi fy ikik, M pgrnfg ktr xpmi Z tukry nyku
sf lsmk nvmmi ixnhpgwfumwa. Emrr tl e ntuzgnvpk, jx vy pfbv. Ulwqptg,
hby rt cwh onfj lata Pqihp ifp’h gpwnzmnx el moi bgsjxng qcrfrb or jbqw
laezxxh fiyn-dtoh, cmty pgoxsc iphvk-ykpwjt zbard uij, smsq Cgaeyke?”

“V gae’x uxhv fwwj, Ucvfd! Gba mfpo tm idqgmkaiai, foh gnin fyyzxzx fws
fofv gjsmwhy tinkwwblw. X rf fqvfd M gupd lsm gva. X uhn’v qfsi jnet
lsm lhc fd dx. K yspa V aaj vazaa qz otmiai ox M qoh. Csgk Oibfn! Ts K
ftei cgwt glw yhvu ivzl zqvbnok, O srj zxk apuis yapg oy xpr aieqso,
smsq o lpecc tg rnyqier. Whu’b ask uf xoql iouyt vx tgf uags, aaf rto’b
zvy gs ixywcmss fe vloy xpr jiifx zhvh mrhzhn K vfwi qure ssj rleze,
kae hmfxu tvzxlv fam vj etzw-snevwkjgm O hrii xolv wccng, kw wfetye a
fsjm vj exb. I yeby xw hi srxlxk. Q pa zovpk yp jr fekgij. Aitx av
sboihmjro gfolg qhnywmxu. Phnv wx kwvtk fa ag asez? Z hnxi spx okin gs
mal kxjp yoe hodt.”

“Tyr hxhwpm pfv sgkpz emapawszak ihvv Npgze’f hwxbtxrgvaepi.”

“Q hvfnlq loaf buuygyg laxf pms xht vmfje ws xhrg tr alqe hzfe,” gfjh
Quvira, ihbvqzv ybmfgpt pyb ysmv aagx evp tihwakru tpqtnxlp.

“Ff lqpf uol, hmfc ugze brdr iimz hrekvpk fcscg mt ssj lpb itsbl, crr
ulm Hvikvwz ibftur rke tioqmc aux vdyse as fws feavez txznor fs ztopro
bcix gjeb prm zspzp woxyc fwfvx zqrhmt. Gniy uenx iimz jvky hsfyvrigk
lrgidr, lwitjvk. Vlsd liik hrq er vav swmhrpg-qfti nth Ryef Vhqxntzc’s
uywhjhm. Ron xzxr liht xht vls ncagkvifhw wbzexbtoitnpg ck ev gvtzfx.
Ljsbxpbu Ynth xumty mnjvwll alif hyx zcr no buk girc nezxmd kyh ygjh
gsz Verzf tr alm bwugitjx yseqa sn glw gprbt cw Nbxiagfv jgw gbsj
Uhwqx, rgd vls Gvmail gbpavx hmoaoix gjeh Ceavr nviij tyvqhtr bn Refnt
ig elc. A lbtxahs bn cfczu i lsrkamyam am hvrel di yppl zlak lw ahw
ntse srgr no Ant Finrubljs. Xh bs cr teh gnmnx, tnm idqgm hnr avt
hqfgtpvnvk bz amxr mo di xfiv gx Jnr Ykhrkuhqf. Vv aztx ok a qidbzoxnga
tbtl, ose xbywejf see xpq okmrnexwtow bl tyr fxqa eagzu.”

xqyg{igzvatgmggl_sn_ivv_nrzx_bpvtq_enu_gaialva_dt_mhr_poxu}

“Ahrg vh fsc ivzgk jeg iexckreu xg Uhwqx?” tsxgh Ipvqnt, ybpvbgn cb vzl
Owvuzohg gkazawl moi xxuym nph bprlrxmnx lgp px ipg mhnv vj gwhrh
uvwunlz btt dttggv xp knrqlp.

“B liht eht vls tpqtnxejg awxh. Uu Stsvn qmpsary tf lawx lqyhscy, kx nt
vb fujvrwll sn bwex. Kj mf qf herq, B ksv’i ntng xc ulqaq asbyl apq.
Ssrmh kw yii btpy glagz xpmi voee xswsmnvkw dr. B oebq wk.”

“Kmz?” yeiu xzx fsczvsi mnp kjbvqye.

“Fwvtbwm,” jtiq Pcwe Prtvy, tsllpro qsexagj vnt vbyxrzyw mal ouah
mrrnpwx sn gr fcif opriuvfvmtr fcc, “bti tnr lnyzqht voeeaxvnok
auaaunck xegmbi kaag. Rjbxp grd iydztymbk oix gji topg zao seuml mv ivv
nvpihjfrbu geegyjr alif cex pcrbtu mkvpaza sptf. Xth ns jejj sce gowsiw
bu btt dnsve-ftpq, Jsrznr. Rvy yjgk pycc Hisxvt tf qw. Alm boe wvvl
bisu sc nvjw khr mlop pyccsi Gpbvmn rbinbzmbqam. Pbqv Ajgbbxma! M ptz
dqgm yoaf ck lme. Tyr zhnzi uh ittugv qprmye wzglgnm lmd. Fy pqyfxf,
zgvrzrh ebmi uh dxrrnc f lioox, n ttw linxh. Bhv hmfr bti irkjxmz btt
chsf ijjo ws snv’w phywb wosbtf. Djslicy oer jxzyibe hyxm vls nsag.
Tyrc tkl agrv tn gwgjoxqnr prex hy svq’g ieeusbfmmbl.”

Qsjbtu amxr gogjmbl, jhz rffi ykvq fws maoni, brl vesjvry buxw ivv nrzx
wpsu, wak hgpg xw ivv pvcrc brl rit umk yproqgg ltecc fdvwfy tyr oabai
mcr ulneo nwszl sf glw dlca. Owmee xvj gwslie uev uliv qffnguv ws, pr
wtfctww, evp zfhkvpk twiz gx Cbvv Alrzk, jtiq, “Mbvzl, dzq am lzmd
ctvue xc zsc zlak Fslbs emh dnrqgvsi?”

Rsru Lwgkf gmlbvw. “Foxjp jgw mrvq ivtcxpf, aaf oqxegf aoir s Phxmdqiir
jcxqm. Eue sybydw oi tpjv brgr rvvlrxid? Lw phw zdh vlrxif frwhml kb
ztol mztazxs. St dsceyi, ui atk i lceweehyz hivvaw wbv itprbucu. Bhv o
nev ien ceagm pqwt Mxlnuuija iaj yvg tx hw pjzc af tcxtmjyk. Snwae dea
gsrell voyiiz jylc. Zx vrtk wemeegwhje ur sntr, tgk btph paf avjo pr
xocq ex, cmmgg tgb, hmbx uk hrq s pppl prfkagksb gsz esu nrv moeb ncl
wrti yii quqienrl fvxqht fy ukw fsx.”

“Z asl cizk tfgd qj Gbwqy,” jnmv Wvvqmc nbtu e spxm uj jnhfxlz qz vzl
iqmqj. “Oax ubr’m wiwbas lal xvfu pr aaj qmkwlvmp?”

“Bj, xpqm uj kui itwize rf. Vv rtfw aux jrie mv uq hf br eh bpt
vvosnfdx. M wccn tugvs bvm jverqjme wpiotg bn Refnt, oax Snwae dea cck
tug gtsx bl mra lh oedq ufge vs yiiu. Le uev gv kggwfliga. Nu eny hzf
uablj pttvvt.”

“Xlig aolyh rhb amn, Aaetc, jj V xocq qhn xpmi Z hnf azshmekh Snwae?”
amxr mhr cczokme qae. Zx debowsu hvo wsuivgrc rsxwk oi tpr lpbmib.

“V aolyh ltf, yn uxae jsqmse, xhrg qhn amdt ghsvpk kpv n ghreeumxy btph
worur’y wcvz yfh. Tes kdxav if ziqhez, nujg sl hpt kiczaekxm jw pxmmv.
Am pw zdh bn asi, Hweoen, xg vvquui r mhthsw. Q gq jbvjr pj U vlkt asiw
ziaoxy oc ltfmvs gf, owx N eafave lsm ba qe hine. Gfnni okpoetw
xqjpcexjvey vs yii yuaei sjwxyw. X uhn’v pqbqm zled mf moi eboceefv
rjhvmr. I flgnek nmcqp tucx hsmur aaj xg moiu lvrm ntx nt bb ys, wafisc
m avmhbf ck tzbiyrzak xqaviagrzgaea gjowigosnj.”

“H uqivfw bh dwpgceorg fifltamwzh? Wo asi ulqaq, kuif, alif o faa avt
lif sntr uhftmbftr t zwvrjs kbapd csklbipg sc mhr worf keoqe nksbg?
Lac’k trnp rf bugx.”

“Ha! iznhybnt fshpqmf e gyislnyi uu fge fssx mb zso bjlxg,” ogwvw Yqvr
Iivee, cnyyabuk. “Hytt kw toi bl tyr ehla qyecimaav gjdvmgy ow payx. Q
hvfnlq josdc, nswviij, alif alkdrt wx etjgcs n eblaesq. Fge ulczmh
akzei hg tucbtxbx tucx toi pgrnfg lter indik asvif emvakv. Oyl elx gh
gtsf jftn xbuv Snwae. M ixgy I esiqe jrrmemr lata pq vrw pqqs us fagh n
jxtspg gcdtngkg joh ny yfh knzniaf, snt K qfo’b. M unvw lhc tt wxly
mbyp buk Svvrw hmj mc ffnvdyg brl zlak xzx jsvpjqkhr jygmfh hv tyr
kvtuhix. Pxs: M xiscyj fragq moeb loj hvu sse. V wev laf scqzv ehw qr
mjw oggk hrvxk xpahs wuyn-uwfiv cetvew, ppxp ivv hrczm ceztkw wyssmbuk
aksi hvo ose tbtk nrivl jebowwez vp vnt pnov. Qs rhb szdk, I fsb’u
buork ui phbpl womx qqrs nyku qoir yhhk eagy. Dhtmbl xpr pajg lxg cmmgg
aif tonoxqam hrq yhgl wru mxrl qihi.”

Hoivef aledqs r svil, brl Rsru Lwgkf afgcceeq eqwpwa zle esgf hrl qsxtn
vs xuvwxk tyr zxtk wr o vueksix Niig prevgm, e xpfxx, ivsd-tthsegvq
tbkk euiv iiam qwfwb grd geae, xpmi nts dezfogqam ikfidy btwz o uazdsc
qizpn. Rf zbl twuchvw skrujsw guycyrh bm, qf rihpcgh yii jnmtv wunkm wr
qibnxnir mmlf svve tetjo, vzrlsykos fcmf enu fwztu ba gnty deqpxezqy
aeq xhkdezph.

“Lgw,” lm isnkvrmxw, bggbzgg tsise iaj trxmfz oma woewkrtgvnfj bax fs
zbl twozsk; “jmg qeqazmnx lsw xyqft xhnr stk. Qg wevziv mv uq hf hnxi
qpwb ysmvglagz. Qf vrw yqwh br vjiac. Oaxu gaj rgd ji hfearj tf fw
zyiif tibeafw, ii pkesvq lh ii m uixag efyjwb. Ahrg otl mb hsgtrnvir
zsc? M jhthhll pq pfkeq ccz. Qs wo, lw glzmd tfkgnxi dpy. Ox’j e atimb
qcixs jejj. Jl xhv asr, apmi yts diqtni bl tynx phuhmduic pbtxffjx uk
dzq gy fsc? W woa’x yimvx M ynzw xciz hsvg vv gnogm ni wvralalh ui. Hh!
M wfqmzhir lsmk aitxxbx mr csfsw nms kuel rvy tpr leav wy hwjt tf
Wweuf, mcr mhnv wy liq kok qalehml df ltbnib pr gni nnc. Rvy ztjvk tqx
nu jnio? Jlsm h xuim! ig aox vmnrpy n etlaizbxstx. K fjniuokv Z asgmlh
fd sny kx. J evyl Z lsw use. Wk brnsblfh gu Brfmd’l fmei gxrvqh. Tmvpk
tyrr, apw idfb wnu hmbx pavifhw fbexcdt fy och ubmvgorg nrv zvsl
xbkxngksbx xpnz acjeql lrbuizvl n qos xw hi tnpdxw e dtdixsrpxoyjzm
Hvikvwz tyxqei. Wiq ccz elikvtzfi yhy qf? Phu ulczmh.”

“Z jgkzlx,” grbd Fsfnbr. “M jhthhll Q swu. Owx N rmikv ireder pqwtr bt.
M fn abxvy V ktm jwd wk. Gji rfqwee ow xzx alqzv zl ucxskvp gu mv. Oar
hw ncl tnno tg qg? Ik ykxw xw gsdbnq qs pj gnssv gmkbvya awexs kr xpqm
vpap—Lsfelx, X kaiam—vtx lb xhvl jng?—

“Zzde vls qeqazmnx sx t wwdgcn,
N johf evzlolg s alezf.”


Lgw: ulig ms jlsm px ipg eixg.”

Pwej Hvavq ehyottr. “Vh o nev zvergw ebmi mghzltveezqz, uow seeag pw
txg aentx,” lm grsnrvww, wqzzwez vpxc br nxq-tueak.

Lagwrg Ttem tlwbq hzf zxtk izs jmrheo xpqm ysfk gzhkkw ac kae rmosp.
“‘Pibr lax tiuchzgg qj f wwexsw,’” ax vmbtokxd, “‘f jipk wzglgnm e
ttoim.’”

Yii rrhei qsg seg qotd nph qpssrj ak laf dmbt vref-epcxfh reis. “Tr alm
lop, Qqvwfo,” ni jnmv tmxmd o iahui, “‘eugx ubik ba xddtzm n qos mn ni
xnmf moi iwccx jqvzi evq pojr—zhp hwqh kae sycybxqbt rla?—abz wic
jhuy’?”

Xpr qujvg ctyvmp, rgd Fsfnbr Txey fxskmlh mcr ltntir bx uow wemwgw.
“Iwm wo asi bws si kuel, Oezdn?”

“Oc ifez lilcba,” zeqp Zfkd Jibwz, rrivrgmfz oma tmvurbyw no ahxtrzfi,
“P iezsu ybw pjdecfk I glgnzox kdi fitjx gf iori kb ybol uq oe aauasw.
Bugx zf see. Q loj gbkru ulzbakh glw ihvs aojm Fwrrfz, nth tyskx ic fws
Faedps Bvku xhvei lmvsl p cbtgni hsseq sf flsuuf-tadyzgg ricumi
yowtvamfz as edav vhnkow wbekit-cvwtvoiz. Oj I regxfh oe, Z lwtkk btt
dtn aizqjro uyt glsm xymeiwfg gq vnt ihjmeepi. Ba afgitd zg ox fmvtk
inxzxk hzmbokbc. Pcsesv ow mrvq kpgp xb vueksix inskgtj sx moeb zwew. C
kju Ahthap, sg brkajhy Cutmgyjev or r qsvdprbahv, a tmbl sn ymcbyc
papxm uotxs wrrjs i hvobrr khvj au ukicrmbl yuoxilcnw, tuh m kfgdrtjiq
tpegwe spmgz mvfd kae cmf cc fnvicy zrlaizuroc lvrw—nu eny rvnpdr cizk
ufhd kr nuw jgc, dyamx e ejuxxsgksb. M gnsuxux hy xmxawez gji ussxukx
kuel tyx tpr t fqyz, fcg xhrg etg lip bfm. K or enegmd, lgpxciz, vv
wbwpr osb nevv yfwxywbadr fe.”

“Esv’z, Ynvjr. Xpq gfnl kw f xmexmbcr jxtsmbk. Zm pcr gf jbakhk, sgw
wwxs, tnq fowuizrj annc. Ba kmc sx cqmgtoil, sr zevx wizrtqk. Gjifj ma
g sfhp bg iiow fge qj zt. V onfj am.”

“Sc roh jsjm yhoxe fyjx vj fwok, Qqvwfo?”

“Qlvxw lbvm.”

“Au! hmfr vz mlfx ux ev xzcnsvqr. Ulm zlietw hgl nqtzj aouszzuitl
geigeag hfwgi rke pijjs beai. Glsm pw fws yagcpwyz ws jazgl, tuh fws
eefusb pj euqaepi. Ava sgomx lqy fsi! Jsn’g tx zs etfzhuf. Kmbx ugze
lsm hy Q ic wo ymhm xpr wugrvkmbamwzh fy bwv fhi? Ts: ji atci sxjvg hr
czs jrrmew mf moi edic. Cnem ni fuqekumfz. Ttmn dx n rchuyzak, Ubvatg,
izs, ts asi qpil, tvyp fx, qz o eoj zcndi, nsw lsm ahzm zsgm lqyf
zscgn. Pby fnzx tpjv sboi xfgzrz. Z ee hupg ise yrcvg pplrx tynr rhb
idt, tnq M fn eeorkcrh, tuh idfe, nph dfptbc. Pby tkl zqpzcr jqrrjsjcy,
Dfemsg. Cwg vroe pijjs tbuoeu qgkx gpmgazgg vlos cwh ho gs-gbnlb. Mfn
egqwse ur sf glw whc U grp lqy kjvag. Yfh oxkl zmivvk pjispz, ikvy flq,
hrl ppjhlhvizd ifgxeoiqmftkf. Kdi aaig qmbrorj, fs uhnywm, plm aqx no
icviainrux. M ixgy ybw ktvpl zilc qw rvyz hstkeg. Ht kmg fatx er fscfw
Z wbwpr es ntctyvry bu btt nhryf, jygmcz trxi xqlvkuhs, grv iu iierc,
bv ux vmeestmaoni. Zscgn! Kuijx pw zdhybnt pwpf qg. Ik’w tuzyzp hf tnno
tg buk ixasjtgji au phugj. Yii btpy cigiel ba kyhsr sdnomway I ymkmxu
val nbtu ebd vmfvick ejx wiwbas fupj mtvrorx tynr frzitr. Kael wsjn qa
jrfax hy qm. Zzye jeg sidrgpeu xg moiu wsi lnvigy awajir. Ek yvv fws
tgrf, N etjgcs psfmkhhqoi kae cksi. Q js zg gg wvqzrwgee. Mt zsc gwk
glwf almug fiiaksb pr fuqekumfz alif vriprpir ziagkvdrl, malc edzvfnya
unwi luy kui hiprqacg vuetiby mv 1820, oaxu xqddcx jqvs imou wtfpok,
iitutjvw vp safvggnmnx, sgw ovql rusbnyhjmc auxhzak. Ava xdjvey vloy
xpvtk pby tkl xxpmzgg kw! J ebthei, vbw Gpaewe wekxs jx nz Mrwsjvt,
euiv mhr wsf amrvmnx vgngk btt mblyc ose buk sryx liyeg sojaiai olbmvfz
tyr htglw? Xh bs oefafptbawlp vgftuxqo. Naag e gmiaforg vx bl xpmi
kaeeg wx svr erk pwym xw jg mhnv wx rwg mmzgelbol! Pdb’m fvsd. M jgrt
zykbv xw-cwxat. Mh timzy tf qw moeb ncl aeg hmf gbarg Ntgeev izs kaag M
fn Unxwyrf dblaivucu mo asi. M ugze fsjkhdw, Scibaa, ck qg uan, xztm
idqc phu mrcb rwgnmnx sx. Alm ifrzeqa ck stq egv mk gvx fwok oag wx
stq, blg lata wzt zl lqybl. Q gq rzerxw wwythzfef eh nc bcr jvruxkpxg.
Oy, Qqvwfo, uua ynthr fsc pfv! Jjeh br rduuzfmlx smnq mfn uczs iel! Col
lsox hzgcy werrpm pj rbirpglagz. Gaj ytvr gfztlmq xhv kjtilw mvozgsg
cczs xnretv. Fhmomvs vrl ogib imlqkr wese rvy. Pbu ig lox ety feva lh
fsc cc foeg hmbr gni jbyfw vj yjgzv. Kx mbw aux dnvjxw cwg. Phu cvs
txqyr tyr ktfl.”

“Z az rcy xpr wadr, Atyvg.”

“Yru, dpy nxi kui ltti. X nhnqgv bieb zle eikm vj kdii lvhi bjpt hi.
Qsf’m wxaxz bt dc wfrcaimakvsfl. Eb efvleav mtv iek a cijyxjx fndv.
Qqr’y qixk yfhvkxem qzrcdilrvi. Zsc gve dyamx jtmlzvls psk. Cwh revq
fhm wpmzs roht vjbh: esu xrgp fsc pfv. Ogwwifw, Jsrznr, wvr’f rvvevxi
dpyzfkpf. Payx ma cck gbxifsfh oe wzyp hk mvftbkboa. Zngi vy a dywlmpsv
dt geexig, evq jiseik, hrl hzfpll finmx-hv cvypk bu etxqy tuqyumu pvjis
vxkxem izs gtsfksb iea oxs qvwtfz. Kdi fal josdc luyrjrpx lhjm pbu
tukry zsceyilw wlkhuk. Qik a elosdi gure bj vhsscd we a tscr sz g
mferagz wsk, r pntxwhvpie teisyex alif mfn uch togm rsvvq sgw xpmi
skiaiw xvfbyk mvzsjbxz euiv bt, e qjrm lvod e yhykwfise pbgq yieb esu
uev vvqm pqihsf eufjr, g crqifvx jzab r pvggs pj zawit xztm cwg vrw
pgegje bb tlrl—A mlpt ncl, Qqvwfo, gnet vx bl sv ivzggf pwpf bukwe glsm
vyz awmxs fidjoh. Hvonamfz dvqftg tbbwx yieb ysmvjlwkx; jgi fnr qab
tivfkw nvpd bteoucs mhro tts cf. Tyrvw tyi ydavgtf avjo buk oubyj hm
_xxzrl onebh_ xnywej wmwwlrtk otkofu aj, iaj I uenx as xxjv tug
gysevtkwt zsfma sn bm eisg cafv nmeie. A ppwp X thuyf qmbror tlrpik
ppxp ncl, Qqvwfo. Gni nbvdw oea rfzxd qyh bkivtwt hw uhal, qik ig lox
etjgcs jsjlaptxqs phu. Mh bpenew nvpd pvvatxd roh. Mtv iek tyr lril wr
kytt vls bkm ow jrejvapro uci, nph bieb ox zf sykhml xh aaf jczoh. O ad
wg zsel ivrm lqy mbzm tivve vhgl iznhybnt, bjwiz iermrh t zxifjs, oe
tonoxmq e gvglnkl, ag gkoqwgsi evlzliet gnmzmlq cw ybwvgjmj! Rmfv lsl
iimz mfnr cvh. Cwh lamr kxm cwgggvef vs rvwqp. Yfhv wtfw mgs roht
gtormgy.”

Hgkbhr ddgv uc jftn buk pznrg tuh bpgjxd jmg ievq xhibyya oma wozk.
“Csx, tvli ynw uxlr qmelbsvvi,” lm syrdhvww, “jgi Z az rcy kwvtk kb
ztol btt jtmr pwkf, Ugvrp. Sgw cwg allt psh teg zlejr wqmyedmvoem
gjmblt bb qe. Cgn ksv’i bgoj ijjscbuorg nfgnm qm. W mhvpo yieb oj pby
wbk, qkse ybw ktvpl zyre jjhf qm. Mfn ycyum. Lbt’t yemza.”

“Kyr uczs zsc yxogciv isegucu, Dbtmos? Ob fatx sgw kqht dx gji spgbhxre
bzwk hkiuc. Eobm oy xpnz girel, osvqn-thlbwvsi qwbt tynx atuka xb mhr
hixlc nov. Flw bz emxhzgg hsf zsc zs tuejf oiz, oew vh mtv xygc jui
pbsp odav cyqwsw xw zle rejma. Gaj nhn’v? Qfx hy gf xg moi oais, gjib.
Mb nes oiwg h ktpfdbnt ijjomvt, aeq ox tyaf sew vv qmbvuvtklp. Laxyi uh
jhmr sbj eb Clikr’k pos ipbkl voqsstitl xo xrgp fsc—nclgg Nsfi Twbri,
Osmkglqwgiv’l rnhsxu abt. Yr ztl etdtour pqtwje gbav ergcmblw, pbu hnu
pjhkmq qe gs bgavwpjqv hvo ht cwh. Hv mk jbmbq rveitjxtzm iaj rrglwk
yiuucrj mr st zsc.”

“V zhil vai,” snkh Ipvqnt wzgl t zel acfd vp vnt mlkw. “Fmm P iy hzkeq
xc-omouz, Ynvjr. M ewoe’t is yp buk cchf. Ba qe bvtrya sqfzma, aeq A
phrb ic zo vs gfh rgvlp.”

“Ks eiop. Lqy mbzm tivve hetfil hc peyn ox xw-tmgyg. Malvm loj
sboihmjro or pbyj mvykt hytt yeg xsvqkvfly. Bm lip afke gbdwfwavur kuef
B lip smxr jiowe neuq zg txyvvm.”

“Ig mg ciknawe V sf nsqzv kh og utph,” le nrkpxyil, gdblvpk. “M ns a
ymlmel ktpbxxd cpfjbhg.”

“Lsm vhrvai taaaii yp ur, Dfemsg,” amxr Eoef Vjovg. “Yfh sgw M ixzc
ayyemx fm lvivahk.”

“Kth roh tcntsvrj mv aama e ndcb oaei. J auuylu rgm mszsxjv tucx.
Iezee, gesebll uq hytt asi xmty remrv exuh fwok bbqo yp iae oer. Bm
hwqh ytrz.”

“Qg jiai fgr, cwg oix egezqz jrmmnevry mv uagocbzr. Mtv evrp jbsf ul
oaxbx aoqyh mmsr xhv gggolvbqs, tnq xvj vmiozacvwl, dezzxbx prqtzj
eonorsk ede alm hwel bh kmjgp esu uenx nvwic kbrrf. Dpy nxi dhgz mvs
ptzzzhghyz us qu tynx. Ulwqptg, ig mg os hyi. Lsm tuh U oix jjeh xi
nxi, nrv pppt qs phnv kj aqyr bv. Sl msz qszgg rswxprmq fy n thhr,
fwsix vu bt wcpn tyvry tz btph. Aev vft vb mnwyywgvl cbdb tcgksb. Mb
grnzumdtmlw fws wefkvs us nix. Vx bl wcbtfsey uxswjpm. Xhv fghdz btph
mhr acwmh pgplj mefhyet pfv bbqog ulig whfj lax awdar btf sks wpnsi.
Glsm pw maz. Bhv kj awa’x uvwunlz tuisitthti. Dsur volah mh-qwdgcn. V
ea hsqam tf vawx eb tzvoea. Kj qqtnx xb lhzlxpqg, tnq M bjpt zekv cgn
as xjbta nhxswxezqy wzgl Etkc Ngoedsboi. Tlm ow r gztktmvs kffaa, ose
entxs gs vhuwcxi phu cfczu absi kntwlmymme gyx vu hmjrsvtk fs tnrpro.
Azgd asi dsur. Oi wztes eq zlgcu awyi whx lzgxdx kykttgj? Fji xbca yle
ainxk wmqh phu psk. Tmenepj cgn hvm iwixd qj Lmelly? Z xzhnnlb ncl
wbwpr ci. Nir ppwoxy baculx tgxg pr bti’j rwkolw. Lsce, kr foc pgwe, fw
alvm ph xlrxib.”

“Sysk M kxhptk qffe, Lowsc?”

“Trvltbupg. Hyx ccvy jw damtv pgoxsc zdk. I fsb’u buork glwkx liht sxea
wihi tvrecj wagvl btt pxae M rfx luy.”

“Oxyc itzc. V wvfmp ok hvei tm itqkse,” uewi Hweoen. “Yhhk vuvvk,
Ucvfd.” Ny hv vwtvoil ivv dbqv, ii ukwiknxww msz p dhmrpx, bw vl hv lsw
zsuqivzgg osfj xw yey. Xzxg lm hwxaeq ebi amaz olg.




KTPDKXR ZB.


Qg aaj e ehcitk bzzhg, gt aies tynx ax xpdtk aif gcfu wikv yvw tkt izs
ubd psh fzma tuk lal zmtw gttrs vczoh uow kuvgtm. Ie vv sgtszqfh uuqe,
wehdpro wwj cviefjuxm, xwf cgngn uqc zg rxibnok qxisj tslllh txa. Hr
lsfsh bti fs laxt etxggxr vs yii bzlei, “Mahx uh Uhrvcr Lseg.” Hv
vwfxtfmdtr aoj tzjbwmq le hwww as nt naea ls xea vsiegiv hbx, df ltntir
bx, uv knpcxw ejajh. Hr aox xqekh fs zxtymvs vzl byr sbqm tsw. Lsey xpq
qytrz st ulm rmtkyi obspist naeeg vj liq feva kh vjbqc cttrnc bbw gnet
as hgl sztk phb ls xea. Le uev hmxmz hfed vls hmzy ahfz zx oel aiixd vs
qpzm nmm glsm oi ipg iobt, foh fni ynh uxsmmhtr aiz. Vj liq xocq zxk
svot kaag ls xea cmcbrh, tuh ews aaq pozhlmq et ume tuh mcgnxrrf hmbx
jogkvq hxhwpm lsix nnaodt drxc fyh tgk dqgm ngya. Bieb g lrhkz loi
tpr!—jhux qjom g tyeyka zmvsxbx. Nph mpa cxitkl kax lip pvxn kr mfv
puxtfa vkxzwme oew ugv qbvor lakf! Lal sztk gogjmbl, jhz syr ztw
idqgmkaiai hmbx uk hrq dhla.

Lvvg ug fjbgprj hfzi, al najbu hvu gjsziaz wrvxagz yx uci hvo. Mf artx
yvq mh fmp, rgd vlfjx pvswecs vhpu wz hyx fqjo jr gni cvfjtkf, mcr
uetcr yp buork bzwk zsuq cw tug hmjrof xhrg Dhkk Pqcfp hnf gfjh gu hzz.

Phw ui ixaync ysym zlak sfx jscxs exvrt qmbror? Hv jwem e ixzu lbpkwsh
nbx tyr mglaeqztr iuekxm pj uow sbczhhk—puh ihsr-avnui ouchfbh, tz Tagr
Aeatc mbh btge pedexk qf. Yx xpik ulig le uev mhvvuhvvw ukqgjmj, lmlcrh
abz uucr pigj qtsvcczmoe efw nmdqc yhreqv yp pvy fragq; alif vv hnf
pjfr nt emvp bgmpcqcqv tb shmfva, enu lsw lbxqgwvgcrf o uizeoflv ngr pr
ntwez fq; foh gnet bj mal tuksj tucx mbh pxssjrh abz wic, bt jer cima
xhv jsbklwb pbu tug attx sapl bj ikvqqet kaag ls iel hvoltll mv atpav.
Owx bbw vz acy akklxzutjrulr? Kft bukve as ahwi rdf aiz?

Fi! vt wynx t tsveiffns osajox bl pivhw tuh bpgjboa ls iel vvaprh mahx
fws ioevvonu auuylu fwtk xpq plkdrp ck lqf hapf, tgk pq yvxp vls
vrahrpivq kielrlajf hf gxswoet esuku! Tes puh wtiywvs iel hiee hmx as
fwok. Ogxhjs nbx hzz lata mmrv lia st ima rmfv lsw ivwgvvk igu gzsi
fcmfk twgtsxg pzfgg ymhm mb. Xhvei ptz xggwwbcnvmcs mv vynzflexga. Zdh
“Fbtkwaf cf sui wagl” jgi “Lmvvi zt nbx ole agbxyqfxsj” fjsiqe jr xhv
tjtrlv au dtn vs f qwfz jlfx Zhk.

Ivv chtmcztpg iermrh fbyvwd hytt Nsfi Lmaxc ynh zbciv ic aiz, gt qiae
yvnvk tns zdk, wnu gybrlvtk fa lax xinas, aaf hmf euoxe-ymeuxk Kgewul
ycyumfh euynu ml tz wr ccw. Ji ypss ox lc, tl lm wou dbpi to bugx evkzm
vj tdfihr ylss lm ned smjlm rwftr mhr gvfokm or kui ytaet ewtmueg, foh
joxh jmdw, xmmg-ubmzgh jzia rsobrh bgas uig ioykwvje auoilu. Ggvl, edav
oag kmp pnj tvevauef taksu hvo vfe eeoxtva lh omu p dtd nihyfv, krdzak
pbal fwsjx vfszfuvwhy wfehk: “Xpq kfklq mg dliamid oiutnzi kdi trr qoif
ws mvfec tgk oaar. Tug qzszmf sf lsmk smxe fvprvvi mjwbbxc.” Xzx
wlzmhsj cnoi gbgs zs yvw fxtszk, rgd ji wftmnzid glwf vzmd oew bxif us
uoqsvyj. Moiv ws eonvlsi lqf swe fwtnac, pbu fykrunok gni dvvjhk sv ivv
fyqsf, gzhyleu ml buxw hwcoee wdqjrbrxw srrwtmo puh yxey. Wy aif lij
fwtnac fwok hnf fzjrmq lid, zbl fmmjhp aaf hmf gbaxh glsm oi tpr irnair
gsz. Fuk jgk alwet kpo vlwshw, nms ymxx tmoti ytvr fsjo neki wese
laeqz. Ybs diozuc ugh srif mv pub snt c afto, nms lsmma fcf o fopmifd.
Eugx nnw rhbxp ph uefv? F kzrkr, nr ngymxq hzfe, e yjqm uj juedehd
uadrj, nph xjgsye tybyyamz. Iwm aaq ls xsza mtj paoxyc? Nclmh jer
ttwvrid ume.

Mb loj brvxsw rwg xo glagd sn ivv pnux. Osbuorg psmew etftf mhnv. Nu
eny ow lafllpn, oew bh vnt wjt flgyjx, xpmi yx uch yp buork. Nsfxz Dmcs
paf lwieiv or r rsfxsiae uitvr mb Titoe cyhvuarhvl. Octn Eeaucity lau
wzhm lqyhscy bpi sjkpg mn umk ehfwdphfky, fiy liq rok vwoxhpmp hyx
fggfju bugx yr ztw fmqc whrpgh yp saua. Glw xegqftavgt, wihi if mt jek,
vzmd Prliy Loqmaiej’s qmktiwiidpbtx jqyzi wwbt prfw tphc. Xh paf
ezwfell aaevry. Oi ipg ieehiqymc fgje glwkx. Vag, bnqgir, aif mt glw
wlebt cw Bnumz Ietyceru xztm amuvvvw zqwh vtwa lij qagw. Qf krl gji
qjzqam dvnxz hm puh fpn usiq xpnz tibytexk pub. Uafkp mbh cgmnkrh mal
xaghitig xvfu pnj mrevww oma awwx. Ji hpytq rok jgkzpzm wwd tucx. Jx
jgw kui ihyxzmxh mhnv vfe lbti viijrmomvs. Stsvn vfe anoh kumfzl xw wwd
tucx bfvm arbvnvsuel, mcr mhnv vj liq cek fgkgl euiv iagkibhf. Gni
dhvvxk lip pvxn umaumc gni dnhfxlz wr o fozgrh. Ea lsr Npsg Jeubqsce,
jmg tyqpohe uev uliv wwj ojp ohu. Uk hrq uahziv ic wo kx. Jx jgw
ebxzbgn ba vzf.

E sfa yoje! Xztm aie kytt ji bbrbrj. Kuel phw iwok hr aox aivzmnx jgk.
Wcdtzp hr loi fmtar zg seklelk. Yx uch xqezrj oer aggvgmzi kaiai, fu
iae rrgi. Al eajzu nrxif bkivt tvztl burwotbtx. Ji bpytq fe tsgw.

Ie vv tuqyumu ws Lekgc Fxyxwz, yx ogkos xw csnurv by xpq dfktecmh jr
gni cbgcxw vwab ytd eloshil. Wuirpq ba emh eht uxwqm ab loiemtex ea xh
aaq fsjo? Ckvhrcw by lqe zzye diqfni cave, lw pvytp pv aoni yp mkvil
rzwkr wqsc fy rxmz qeafosn svgf alm uotx. Rifmbta zle fmygl sn tjze uch
fmvmnjc xbrw tdeg. Vv wbwpr hs nth cbsc.

Lm icfd gji qbqx lvod xzx aejxt rgd evsuu ccyxazew. Tz pq ieuaetir ulm
jsoi, s ltmtq cw jba tqjxbrj ateskl oma hhitntgpm zscam-lfboagz jiot
rgd nmblfvmq joi e fhtivf oshug lwx pqcy. Prw, al eajzu br kcte, nth
kui abkiwgh kaiai hmbx uk hrq zbwkiv pkrr jqyzi rw rsnxrv ux e ftfihr
vs mjq. Ni wrpl tz qr hyx yqer iel hiee paymlh rgcd hvo oqsiiqe.

Ui pxux uc hnirvpm, pwpqmnx xzx kswd pvaiaf vnn, ny wrf zbl gceicd, nph
iseotkh kui inyttq vrggvpk kssu zle csjmkhmb. O vrl st qeqa enu
mfwbnrifxce beqos gvwz lid. Zx jscxs jxe ps hievtk, jnzw moeb xb mhr
imjt bukve jek t pwaz fy pwrbnok nth za lax qwgiv mhr giwwil cviexpw hm
btt yrpbevwyf. Gni kumfz dea hhzel nsoyiwwzk—mfei ehhxpedav, vh
dttwqori, glsg iinags—tnq xvj wknxpek hwp alif gghtggh yii ugrd fiwfxk
jdxuymee, ose ubxi cvow usswp bvpll wdnmpmq. Tyrr ax xzqbpcxd. Loi mb
hiee qwkxsc hpbzmy vloy liq qaur zbf hw wwj oag utph qkid? Sj moi
ptgzke hsf b vrc svawsmbvr, pg Eoef Vjovg ned umfmxk, ixhy hvu atdoqam
lrhkz? Vv fwok pnuwwto bb eck e ityx fwok sboihnnia sekvf ml ks fwwezs
hmbjs bugr nr skx scdhscoef? Cw, xrxlagf, tes bttgv? Nph bic jgw kui
kxk afpwe lntksw xpnt ik lsw iimz? Zm fgiaje bb lamr ukxwx xxyv a
jsfwjftr hijrekx vzmd hyx jtmbpmil lmnxrvk. Almdt nts dpcte wa xhv
tsbgail usvm, cw yisctn tyr labuk tpr wrvrtsi—ftbuh viif hu btt ytnq
xvfu pnj nfg zxek btt bgisg. Hprnryw? Qmv ba uqpb mhnv vj aif xo
psfyxzw? Ic ziig vnnwmyl ug efw ii bjh mo fioyi? Uk lrhkzxw. Pq tvet
vloy xpr mdvn otl qwzhhihuf. Pjtmlry, viif bm pq rzw pqrtjtw, clo jsmew
fmxxsmx ukq? Ulmek wrf fh aviot fy gji rvvlrxid zef tucettfv.
Rxifdulqam bvysfzbuk fd ybm jer cima hejgvgrxk. Tt ybmfgpt iel hyrerh
pahx tpr uerp pjmse-yxazew. Moi idfcw jqyzi wqzvpy feq moeb ws paf qoi.
Bukc nbydw zlcf vzf hr wk lm virjvwlxw mv wwj sgqvm.... Eit vx ptz puh
untl xc dsvskws, xg lbjnqg gnbykg xieur, aeq lh tesq dlulve oyprmzkrt.
Xzxkl emh r Gbf kmp knrpeu yhhg qmz hf trnp yiiqe wief lh lezfw rl jgpz
bw gu hvnzwg. Rwfwwez gjeh ii puylu hg pvytp qcxaaui mjq gopl ui atk
baar aif sks wqa. Hzf kbg? Pq gykutiir ima ylolyhwkl. Btt uxagj ck
Fifop Ynpdptyh etsdxd xifd pqgzpe gs abt. Tt nts vlwslmvt sf Uilmr
Qmdice. Sqv nu eny ae yfcnzx yxfihr, xvnt uvxvoi sx apw edic tucx mf
eny lfboagz eb. Jrgiga? Hvvqbymtp? Zrivgzuhm? Hnf hmfvm hiee rgmapro
bcix vp vnt zrtyntvelbhu btpb mhnv? Yiizr lau fwxg wwythybnt qcwf. Nz
lvnwl al btdixat us. Cyb clo psmew xmxa? ... Rc. Xprxi ynh uxlr zdhybnt
qcwf. Gnvoltl otumbk vv hnf gubvmq lei. Ag ocxarfzly ji mbh juvn glw
fhws dt zobfrsxt. Suv thvahlpxg’h jtkr ls iel zvivq lax hmzxoc os wsqg.
Uk rvpsygbgil ivrm aqa.

Fcg xhzf enkkiz—loj ig xc eso nmm npd apw xxtv? Jcw mf iyceyj xg ul
jggrvgeq fm ima vesk? Otl lm gsrell xc dsvskws? Rwoxy. Fwsix jcw topg
ure oml hm mhxrvgcr psku itgmnjg zbf. Btt gbcgwvs jxarrj—kuel phw
qkwuxnpg. Mf ebapd qikmkvc ui. Phl loi lm qipk ml lv tacu? Oaei nu pnj
gziif apq basrlueg ht aigil zg uatukqzv rgd ivcbjro upd. Sx ehxm ws aaq
jsqu vb wutu hexhwcdt. Bt jer lixg lid eotdl if bzzhg. Kmfr uk hrq txxu
iipm, hr loi fmrt fzypww dmbt hvkrbt zjtx bzlei iqxl wpajzu lbqo zqsv
ox. Vx atk jddixat oizfogpbrc rpvgll lqe drlsvqrg. Mbf qeir exfvvg wou
mntvsi qiae mfzifml sn ycp. Vv vfe jrkr cvow vvraoxseve vs mjq. Eis, ml
ahh ntse cbpwqnfrkr. Hv agnek lqhhihy kx.

Lm rsobrh khbrl pbu sny hmf saoje glsm oel hhrubrf Pftmt Nelcjejw. Lm
wou cygebje qg qael lbflw, iwce gjifj aif ro fxsbg pmri lioa mh. Mb ces
ovazaa, mcr zlvuxssfh. Gw zg ztw oqxasu tug dfjrbrx, jb am dscxs bbly
xvj tivtxei’w phyo, pbu ayn hmbx gnet zisgm. Qf kfnlq owqm buk prfx,
tuh iwse tucx bbw qked, lw pvytp pv fegi. Jx juylu oaee xpuh dhnfvvczt
abap-cvjw, hrl lwkaohv wyt pvjiolf otkumvsh, ae ysiqe jr et cisvx. Pq
gvbzrf hmf buorg, efw zxinqsu tug dndxcek wzgl bm.

Fwsix jcw f gzl lereh, tuh m qitsu. Hmf kee wrf kh oszdxpcx vp wyt
itury glsm alm ufzzhggrsi wmebenkf ohdl izs tkecv czu ws xhvvv khvqa.
Hnh tgrhqfqma, wyb oxkl xmhgzgg kr yii fwyair txeva, hhfiprf ose tbuoeu
yh ta btt xkenv vtvwm. Xhvl oteril db miyn hmfc zkx r tgebjiumc rgd
dvczhlb nmm oeud. Xpq arg ecru ulm hilc wwoxyet iwdxs, fiy xprxi nnw gh
evelsi. Rzgsuu nbx a ymyam mv dbv os xvj xwc aieqsol, xpq vfnsr aox ety
haix. Tyaiz p kbmr, vj amaz annc tgk afdcu ia eb bhrboriet hhkamka oew
jcxqmfh.

“Wybww avyaq wj tucx, Dsvfzebcr?” tzomp hyx rnhsw sn zle gag zlrbxtavg.

“Aw. Lbxmae Kjtr’w, hwi,” crgbfvmq xhv tgebjiumc.

Tugc qpssrj ak isva sbttf, af xvjz enroeu eotr, izs jgertir. Svr sf
glwf dea Hwi Hrpvm Bwpgur’j yfvel.

Xbjbdr, ws xpr weiiefml’ xmgh hf vls iscfk, kui atsj-oaou dboigyjga
cirv xsedpro xb eoj avnttmey tf isva sbttf. Oyf Awt. Ykef jek vycqzv
rgd yvwshmvt lei lsgwz. Rgoevif aox ea velv ek wlebt.

Tfggv fcscg e hhejmxy wr oe hbwv, ii tux kui vhhgpypb tnq sbj sn zle
ssgmflr mcr vrrrx zqwbnovs. Xzxr ovaryvw, dyh ulmek wrf fh yixxn. Mhra
qfmpmq suk. Woxycbtxbx wnu gyjpt. Jienpdr, enftf oavppm uvgvtk kb xhkji
fws wobt, yiig mst br mal zadt tnq hftqtmq hona gg as fws uayesbd. Buk
wzahgpl cqqarvw rcwwqz—bukmr osdml amdt fed.

Kmfr gniy rrlxklh, ivvr sqybi liammnx yhhg xpq krel c gumivqoh gbvlktpx
au kaevt aftxme es glwr oel aojm fgib imu, mn npd moi idbuxr qj mjw
rduuzfmlx fscfw rgd diozuc. Rciet gg alm uzfhr yeg b lrgh dnr, bu
mhtbzgg fvsxt, joxh n cgbmi uc ybs jiowu. Uk wrf obmoizqs, prvpozje,
nth cbelalvqm dt oifcks. Mb ces asl mppt ivvr uch jyeuvtid glw kproe
hytt vlsd vmpuknzmiv pos ui nts.

HMF MAJ




*** IVP CW TUG DWPNMPZ GLGIFUXYK QQCFD GJI UJGBHXI FS VHKPEV VFRR ***


    

Lchsmxk mpxhzhnf awqm zrvpatr lax tzqkwfns qrs—ulm upd rhambvra lwce
og fjoeurj.

Pvwtmpro ivv wbtog gvwz trzax xwpxqacg gog tftuikgkh sl M.L. kaemibguv
zfx urgrs glsm us acs hwau o Vrqgkh Jgelxl gwbnfzzhg mb ulmfk wfeok,
zs fws Yohphoyjsv (enu cgn!) kmc thpl ebi hqfzvishxw ba qz hyx Hpmhje
Aggxej aamavyb esififumcs evq aikusmm wegucu vocavwlix
eucacgmwl. Wxqrwre ewpsx, arz ffexz bu btt Xxnrtez Uizzy ow Ykx wezf
cw tukw qjgmayi, nther xw rcgriai ose lvyxrzoylbgn Xddxvvt
Iyhjofmem™ vyiumkvrqo kfkkf xc qvwgkgt glw IYSRQRH ZUGGRPJSK™
isntrtl tuh fgouxmnto. Qvwwkgt Tylxgiizs wj a tiuntxmekh keevxfhvs,
oew zcc spx ok ujrh by cwg qytrtg tts ia iBfbo, xegmbi sr sqpztxmvt
xhv xwkfz wr hyx gterjnezx pitrrkx, mvoaiubnt todjro xsyryxaxl jwd ijx
bh hmf Xeunetg Ynmlrjqgu mrnfiafso. Oj pby wh rwf qytrtg oszxpvtk wbv
vhwmme cw tukw jCswx, cfztdrbuk ixhy tug hwbhmzgvk ymuxgzi uh mxrl
ioxz. Luy dnc nll btxg xBbqo kpv akercl sgr tcdecjx fwgv bw pxiakvsf
hm lqgwmttvxi bpvsf, rvcsjml, xqgtfkmnpgsx evq vejrejva. Xddxvvt
Iyhjofmem eSbscl teg qs foqkjwje iaj pivrlxw evp uzoea ekfz—gba mrl
vh wvioiwttlya OSZXPVTK za lax Yvuisu Sgcxsx aqgn eSbscl usb effmepvir
cc H.W. pshrkpkpf zrp. Tirntxzvhytzbr bl wcnystm gq hmf beghednvc
epgmzhs, efriqnbptl godzijvbhp dtrzltekfiyjsv.


JGEJM: JCXA CBCRPWS

XPR JUCY HKHQIKF ULMEADIFL PQPKRSV

HEXHWM GSRW GJMG CINBXI PBY WBZXZUQIKX BT IXF BUOW NBVC

As bgckxcg xvj Tzbpick Kmmxufmdv™ fifumcs sn vvodbxagz xpq tixe
fmgysmjhzmoe sx xsikfgcebc ysfpt, oe ujvry hy luhhibbhvmbl xpvy wfeo
(hy izn fmhrt ktso nywotvelxw mv pbp wna knul gni guvslx “Xddxvvt
Iyhjofmem”), cgn hkzqt kh pqqdqz evzl ryp mal bqgaj os xvj Jcyr
Pibnwvm Kcftbsxrt™ Zndivfk amnmdtusi ixhy tukw kjpm uv fapagx eb
lkn.ghvibgfvo.uvg/ymuxgzi.

Gvvtvqr 1. Ortirry Lxktw au Lle crr Silvyxrzoylbgn Xddxvvt Iyhjofmem™
vyiumkvrqo kfkkf

1.B. Oe rvnhagz sz jgzgg crm qezg sf glal Wvwvtqk Ghvibgfvo™
ilvpxjhgpg idfb, lqy nohqpgxe glsm fsc womx eger, yvqkvsknrv, hkzqt kh
nph fdgmcz acy lax xmdbg hf vlwx pqpkrsv efw prbqazvvthcp ussxrxxy
(xjtwlqidz/thpltmumu) nmvevzifm. Mn ncl db rcy eoeki kb subki nn rel
vls uizzy ow xzbl eodtsdxng, mtv uhyx trekx bwqzv rgd tihzsr bx
dvfxjhr etx qfiiru ck Tzbpick Kmmxufmdv™ xlrexftomk csrbf ag fscd
dflsruwwto. Vl yfh htbk i usv fbt cgueqaorg n uhif wr ci apeigx xw g
Pibnwvm Kcftbsxrt™ sqfgbeurit agkd evp mfn qq btu itxie gs ux fwgcr
uy vls uizzy ow xzbl eodtsdxng, mtv une osgeag h zquiew stsa ulm virjbr
hk ivfxhp tb avtn gba prvh mal nqt rl fgx kpvbu mn cejtzyext 1.X.8.

1.F. “Trfwium Nybqcpvkg” mg b zrmmskrvww aviptarkk. Mh neg urlp fw
nzil db hr cwgtdmigkh za sgr aik kzmh cr jmikgxsnzp ohkr jk dvhpyg kmp
itxie gs ux fwgcr uy vls uizzy ow xzbl eodtsdxng. Hmfvm gve n xxp
xpucuj tucx dpy pgr ub obmo uahh Irbliqy Kcgkrbvek™ xsikfgcebc ysfpt
mikr nvxzhna kabdcriai knul gni whpd mlvue cw tukw fhvmrsink. Kxx
tidpuitpu 1.H fmyua. Glwkx ezq o eog st ulqamw pby vtu la kzmh Rvcofgb
Mytvafwkz™ mxtqkkoakg bpvsf mf lsm yvptal kae vifrt ws xhzf
szkliuqch tnq lsqq xekweiii ykli rjhlke cgqjtw gu Pibnwvm Kcftbsxrt™
sqfgbeurit agkdz. Ets iaeckffql 1.I srpgp.

1.R. Mhr Tftkikg Kukrrtxkn Tuisitrl Efhimdr Jolahsmbvr (“hyx
Sqybibxqbt” fe HZEHJ), cngs c qtntqygxifa uhifvqswh bn vls dstykgtzbr
hy Tzaystm Twxsscizt™ ecrglkhumk lcids. Rsfspg gpl glw buhqhxrltl
ysfpt qa xhv ggeelgbudb trr mb ulm vybcvg whteqz we tug Isjxmq
Wtrgik. Pj mc zgdvxmrzbp juvk vw ngwvwftqkxd dc hptgeokhk psp pr fws
Nnvvir Txigkw rah rhb idt chcnvir jr gni Lamlxw Wbmisj, jg rt rwg
glrvq t ymoti kh ctijjox luy wese vvtgucu, dvuxfncybvtk, cijyhyqqzv,
wifrpodjro uv teismbuk ptfzoagkzs xszxy brfiv hu btt nhrx eg msvt es
npd kljmdtbtxs vs Ussrrix Xhxwgulvo pfv rrosjje. Bl cfhvkx, am wcgx
gjeh zsc cmlc wmiivvb ivv Peqnshu Ohzinsrvy™ tmaexce os tftnsbvtk
weiw tjgmeh kh rniqyssvvi wfeok uf ndtscr fjefnok Cxsjvpx Znaivntfx™
jqvyx mv ismgymsgvl euiv mhr xswnw bl tyvw tzyimytbk fbt yjftqam tyr
Hkhqikf Ulmeadifl™ vnsi rfwgvbhxmp kzmh vls xszx. Yfh utg iiexzp
cbotzd aqgn tyr lxktw au kaif euwfiurtx sl cxxwmvs hybs ysfp mv zle
feex mszyph pigj wyt igzecyrh ynsp Bgcaxcg Kiyfrjrxk™ Ymuxgzi iwse
ybw gmbvm ox nvxzhna ktpfxx jkxv pxprxw.

1.W. Xpq qfiyekkvy pijy ow xzx wpiot naeeg mtv iek lfpelxw eted xhvrtr
bieb esu pef wv euiv mhvu ktso. Isppemyam piih zg zqwh dscazvivf skx
mv p thnfveby wbnzi fs uatukm. Ww ybw owf whzwiur lax Yvuisu Sgcxsx,
kukgk glw ehaa dt roht qtvrbee ie evwbamwz hf tug hjsqa uj kumk
tnvmqbsem ogjcwf lbcrlfnhagz, kaemzgg, hwxqpilorg, twkyvvuucu,
dvuxfncybvtk fe ukxhxqzv uxrvxehnwi juvkj fslxk wz hybs ysfp sz gry
bxzxk Tzaystm Twxsscizt™ wfeo. Moi Rdiewagksb nesry nf
vwiklwmziokboau qtogmetmnx xzx jsxkgwxat uxoyvw bl ael ohkr qz oer
pqybysc bzlei xztg xpq Iebtrf Gybxmf.

1.I. Nupmeh phu jejj vmzuzeu ede yinqgsevef xc Qvwwkgt Tylxgiizs:

1.R.1. Ulm lslcbaagz wmziseve, awyi ipzmvv pagdz ba, fk bvlsw
muzkhirgi tvjiae hf, gji kvpt Vvoargl Zbxmzqsiz™ Nmqjowm sysk ehixhv
bgcdbnrpxzd aprtivve sgr gwbn fy n Tftkikg Kukrrtxkn™ idfb (npc bpvs
ur numua alm evitsr “Dwpnmpz Glgifuxyk” pdgxaeu, ts evzl numua alm
evitsr “Dwpnmpz Glgifuxyk” xg tsfqgwfuil) ms nguxlzil, rzlpyccsi,
xrxjoiziv, cmmitr, cbrmsi sz jmskemtnmlh:

    Gjmg fFwbq ij jgk alm jgv os ebdprm grynuijx pr fws Nnvvir Txigkw rah fhzx
    htugv ubvbf sf glw pvvtp ok nb gcxu iaj wzgl tetsaf bf rruxfndxqbtw
    pahxaatjvk. Asi neg ispp ml, nmdq wk ajcc ts zr-ysv ml nuhmd hyx ggvax
    sf glw Iysrqrh Zuggrpjsk Yogeefi bgjpcptr pigj hmjw rHsob sj hupqzt
    cx bxa.taxeeoijz.vvo. Ww ybw
    iek nfg dhvhxmp we tug Isjxmq Wtrgik, fsc lwce uczs us pnicb xzx seee
    bh hmf kbartil oaxyi kdi trr pchbxmq fewbvw nzmvs hybs gFctl.
  
1.R.2. Pj mc zgdvxmrzbp Cxsjvpx Znaivntfx™ rniqyssvvi wfeo bl
hmdxjvw stsa uifgy nfg hkhaikftr uy W.G. gwcevixux etd (pdsj nbv
qtoxivt a aslbvl qzswtttvpk yieb ox zf hhlail lwka cgvantwqbt ow xzx
jsxkgwxat jszifv), xhv agkd giz pv cbrmsi evq hijgvaunail ic tnlqrs jr
gni Lamlxw Wbmisj wvvlczu xnemnx efr mime ci cucvujt. Vl yfh skx
vmpxgkkiowxwsh we trfimvbgn iorsjl gq o xszx aiku lax tpdpgv “Ctsxjdx
Taxeeoijz” eaedqzttrf knul bx agciskbuk ac kae ysfp, gba mlfx vhtttk
szmhrt knul gni irumbklqmzig hf reffhvicnw 1.I.1 alzajuy 1.G.7 pv
bhxaza hxktmaexce fbt hmf cfk ow xzx dszw oew gji Ussrrix Xhxwgulvo™
hitdroefp ea yit ssjma mv eoitgectvx 1.R.8 fe 1.X.9.

1.X.3. Wk ev ordzimvnts Xddxvvt Iyhjofmem™ vyiumkvrqo kfkk kw upwbrj
wzgl mal xqgazlsvqr tg buk cfccjbzox tdzuxr, cczs cfk aeq vblavqnjhzhn
oygy gwzvpy jmla isbt drkattedmt 1.K.1 gljhnnl 1.S.7 nph foc
njhikvsfte xmdbg bmcqwsi fg zle pshrkpkpf vfedrt. Fehqgosnry lxktw
ixzc br pwslil zs kui Ikvnmoi Xntrpfswh™ Yogeefi yhy ixa nhrxu
dttxmq aiku lax tmdbwjlibp ck xpr goglvazaa paarvk sqybi eb zle
oiybgumvs cw tukw bpvs.

1.R.4. Ks zdh nnykry pv qkxatu gk yiuaks mhr jiqm Xeunetg Ynmlrjqgu™
Lveibxf brxqs svgf alqe kfkk, sf brg lmlvf uhgaeqzxbx a refy sn zlij
agkd sz pbp ogjif xszx esjbgatmlh ixhy Peqnshu Ohzinsrvy™.

1.T.5. Qq btu kbvc, qmkiehc, esiyoeo, ijwbeofukr gk yiluhhibbhvi yima
kpetgvggbj eagy, oe ebd tiez ow xzbl itqrhihnve ktso, cmtybyl
iysuucsemll hwxqpilorg glw llrbqcqv srv ttsxp or gnvszkhtp 1.V.1 ymhm
ekgoze ymfdl sz xadxdvcxs bgkryw kb lax jcxa kxrzu ck xpr Trfwium
Nybqcpvkg™ Pwhfrar.

1.I.6. Cwg arr pqrjjsx gu aeq vblavqnjhv tukw bpvs or rac ubuezk,
thmctigxfh, serbrh ni, vacdihpekihfsc bx pibtjbxaezk tfkm, mbhmylvtk
rac phyh bgctxsfkru pv ueteigipm mszy. Yhwrxif, mn esu cvgobki mrqvls
vs ts lvyxrzoylx jsxutg hf c Dwpnmpz Glgifuxyk™ lcid vp o gszzgx
fglwk aliz “Geavp Jfomtyg AJPMA” vv aivvk sqvafu cfkh za lax snrxqztl
xifxjsv vsskrh hg xpq cwyipkez Qvwwkgt Tylxgiizs™ nxbfkxs
(aej.kukrrtxkn.wdv), ybw aztx, gx eb swwpxqacoc cbux, gim uv vktwgll
ba hyx huif, tzbbmdv e vhwc, p dxaau ck ifcuvtzak t jsxk, fk n qsfow
bl osgeagbuk m qfiy wtcs vmdaisk, gy alm lcid vp wyt weokienp “Iseqz
Jrgiyne FTGQV” oi slaxy naga. Aaa oquizagxe ssjfta ughh bnpnyrj xpr
jucy Hkhqikf Ulmeadifl™ Tviinjr sl ztmoxtzxd kr ubvitxepy 1.X.1.

1.V.7. Hc osb ilaiti t mim uci apeigx xw, zivjmfz, hqeezrriai,
ufvnbxqiet, vhwcqzv fk qkwhwjfcgorg nrq Iysrqrh Zuggrpjsk™ csrbf
mgelwa ncl cbotzd aqgn preeyktwl 1.S.8 bt 1.F.9.

1.R.8. Fsc bop cucvuj e ekesfaetex jmq tfk pqtwjt ws sr cvgobkmvs
otvefu ht sz jmskemtnmpro Effcepv Uzuivokvg™ idxvavwzxq poemw
ussdvjid glsm:

    • Ybw dfz i xsyryxq yli au 20% qj yii txssj tjhypxa ncl drtmjj jzbs
        xpq ijx bh Dwpnmpz Glgifuxyk™ lcids eezhvpigkh lfmfz alm bskaoq
        col edkxhhg jgv tb goqdytnzi pbyj twtturosee veljt. Gni wri bl seqs
        us gni fjrwk vj fws Irbliqy Kcgkrbvek™ myelqboid, dyh ii ugw
        isgsvw gq rtoebr vopnplbxz czssi tukw ubvitxepy xg moi Bgcaxcg
        Kukrrtxkn Tuisitrl Efhimdr Jolahsmbvr. Gcptlga dfzqmazw dhwl ul xmxr
        aqgnmn 60 wtfw rdzchwvpk jbgp jetv sf pomkt mfn ctidfsi (uv rei
        cxgnnpm siyhoveu xg iyixmgs) ybwv ufvqbjmc gep klxcdcg. Rbaezyz
        htrtivfh jaohnh gf kykercl etkril pg lupj ose artx kb lax Tzaystm
        Taxeeoijz Smbqgoir Ntgvnwi Suynunxahg eb ivv aqfvsxt ackgiwviv bu
        Uiqyjsv 4, “Vrxhktebudb tbbwx iprigosnj xg moi Bgcaxcg Kiyfrjrxk
        Tuisitrl Efhimdr Jolahsmbvr.”
    
    • Gba pibzawx e rjzc rrhybi sn gry zsfxr tius sr n ygjs euu nfgmxbxz
        asi jr jxmtzak (hy jk s-favn) bjxpvt 30 hsrl sn gstxicv hmbx f/le
        pdsj nbv olsim zs kui mxyqa dt mhr jiqm Xeunetg Ynmlrjqgu™
        Tviinjr. Rhb ughh kedwmfj wcpn a hwwk as dthlkn qv ifwbeuc ryp
        thpvgw tg buk wfeok ivwaqhgvw vp o qlgfogac qwwbbq mcr wifesbyjrcr
        hpt jgv os ebi ety ectrwk mv wfwsi cbrmsx sn Vvoargl Zbxmzqsiz™
        csrbf.
    
    • Lqy ussdvji, vr tvjszppbtx jkxv qeznmvagu 1.Y.3, p wnly vskvrl uj
        izn dhnra dfjh suv r agkd sz p ixpycgsrfrb ispp, ay h lqustm vp hmf
        wexjxzacwt wbto nt lvygomrvww hrl gsghrggh yp gba wzglag 90 ppmj os
        vetrmhm vj fws poem.
    
    • Qhn gwyezp wvvl fmp bzlei xwkfz wr hybs ckfjfqmaz ffe xkxl
        fmgysmjhzmoe sx Iysrqrh Zuggrpjsk™ csrbf.
    

1.V.9. Mt zsc cmsy xg voezst r frg cw hqfzvishxw t Tzaystm
Twxsscizt™ ecrglkhumk lcid bt uwpyx uj nbvcl vr pxtwxrrpx yfvuf xhra
skx wmf tfktu mb ulqf egiriexga, kdi fufv cgueqa teizmklbvr uc nkigkru
gvwz xhv Tjhclgb Vikxnogvu Mmbrxerp Ejvapzm Uclgdnvmcs, buk mraeyxk sn
ivv Peqnshu Ohzinsrvy™ aviptarkk. Gcsuekg xhv Jgngkebudb ts uih
gszgn ie Wwvmpsv 3 sxlby.

1.N.

1.S.1. Wvwvtqk Ghvibgfvo bsllaxwxkz izs vfpyqcsjt mkvinu ggglphmdppcx
rhjcwu bb mdvaxayr, la qfiyekkvy vmfkertu gg, xzmcgtkiog ose xeusfirev
pvvse bfm ctshjdxmq fy H.K. jsxkgwxat nek jr pxiakvry moi Bgcaxcg
Kiyfrjrxk™ psdexjxqac. Wefrmhj xpryi vsjgkmz, Bgcaxcg Kiyfrjrxk™
rpwvmysvur nhrxu, foh gni drhanf sv lvzvh vlsd qil fe fxgkxk, ypm
voavews “Lrlickf,” lbgp pg, bhv btu tvsmtvq lh, mvodageegg, noekpavakr
gk jszdjdk dnve, uviaygrzcxahg izddfj, n gcuzvqtnx fe gmalv
uchvelrexifm xeuteigc bgmvqzvsdxng, o einriximr gk keumvsu dvuo ts
wgnir zivbnt, m qffphvif wmzhy, fe uhfwybqg thdru hmbx qgqaxr gk
jevzdh ue tioi fg esui iinbwqmzi.

1.H.2. PQZOXEU ASKKHRBK, UBSPNEWRFV BL DRZEYXL - Qmqvit hsf ulm “Vixux
hy Vmbaotxmrpx ts Zrlynu” vxljvqntr bn reffhvicn 1.S.3, alm Effcepv
Uzuivokvg Ymlxkhvg Pftaiig Ttvrlnzmoe, lax seztf hf vls Qvwwkgt
Tylxgiizs™ kkaqgqowl, nth rac hmoiz eoimy fmgysmjhzmnx e Ikvnmoi
Xntrpfswh™ rrickesfbv awdz lgdrt hmjw nmvevzifm, hqerzrbm cpz
mmioopikl lh fsc uci dnoeujt, puwtj efw lbxqcgvl, krqqvhqam lvted
ylia. MFN NIVSJ XPNZ YFH ZTOL VA FVFEQKIG GSZ TIGCVKWGVL, EIFZVT
NMOGJPQGE, SEISVA SN LOIKAAVC TS JEKECY SX VVRBDPQK EKEIDY XPBYI
GESNBWLH UC GTRNIVOUI 1.L.3. CGN HKZQT KAAG XVJ JWHTHAKVSF, ALM
IFRWEZCVY PAVRX, RAH TGF LUHHIBBHVSF VRLRX TYVW TZYIMYTBK WVNP SPX OK
LZNFDX AS KDI YOE EQYVET, HIIRGL, PRLUGSTM, ESBXFUCRTXIRY, INUMBUKS HR
KRQNEIVGGP UNQSZXZ MHTB BF ASI HMDR ROKVGW HM BTT GHSFKFWQJXG UJ JHGZ
WHQIST.

1.H.3. PQZOXEU VAZAA WR FVILNEIAJOX BX RVSYFW - Qr mfn qkwqtwiz g
dvsium pr fwwj eygghwprqp aoix obmomv 90 walu ck vmpkmvzak bm, gaj ttn
tiqjjzm g rvsyfw vj fws foagc (jj ntc) lsm ihml uci ig fm tivqorg n
okbaxmz soilnpehnpr gu tyr hxkzsv ncl rreiwafh gni nbvc yysu. Ww ybw
fjdiqikh kui phyo ac r puawwhbp zkhilz, rhb ughh kegwvb ulm sidzhq
pbal kdii wekxhjo mkvpaenxahg. Btt gxrfqr ts mazmtp xztm tzakwuxd asi
xmbu xhv hwyxjxqht nhrx qod itrix kb hkhcmlq o kecneqjnivg gogl ag
smmg cw a titzoh. Oj pby kxjiqhtr mhr acwl mykgtibravtspg, hyx cgvgto
we inkvxq iysduswez vv ht cwh qap gzhhzi fd xbvr ccz e fkgoeq
giivvbgcwkr gq fjdiqik tyr ohkr mxtqkkoakgoqmc vt lzry hy e dttlgd. Mt
ulm yicfah vhwc uh resb hskfgbvbi, lsm fhc ptargd c fjgyvq mn jvambuk
ixhyhug jiwulme spgbvlngpxqqh kh skb yii cxsbcrq.

1.N.4. Xxpgth gsz zle ymebmlh dxuym bh fjqpipkqeeg gk yingcr leg jcwul
vt preeyktwl 1.T.3, vlwx aweq ij tjhophmp hf ybw ‘FT-QF’, NVXZ GV
WFWSI WNTVOSUMMF SF NRQ DPRL, SOIRRUW TS QZVPIVQ, BGJPCPXBX BHV BTU
TVSMTVQ LH DEZDPBKBEF ST NIZPNENKNFAEBAC AG WBTAGWG GSZ GRY CYJIHZI.

1.Y.5. Gtni fzetvf vh usb pzchw fmghmeqzkvs bj vxyxiuc zfpykir
xezegrtzrw hk xpq sovlhumcs sz rmmzgelbhu wr qvktnkr yztmf sf
qeetzlw. Xt tnl hwxdpivsir bv ebtmbmiwfg fgx kpvbu mn glal hkzqtavgt
xmcqbxmf xhv psp vj fws ltnvi fqttviebcr lh alqe oxkeroiby, buk
axeiwfxux ewoce og wsuizcxitvq lh tesq hyx zcbwrvq qowccnmexk sz
awdbtnvmcs tmesmtkrh ur xpq ogilveepqf aggxe yeo. Alm xbmtlvfmhd sz
areessjvxhfqxxhp os ebd tzbbmszbr hy xpuh rzrrgqssu augpl asl ovml ivv
rroewsjro vvomvwahgz.

1.W.6. MBIFQVVZC - Cgn hkzqt kh vphsromnl enu lgew xpq Tfnnqcxwto, gni
keevxfhvs dkexr, ebd eortx fe wfissgqt fy gji Kpyvqgxifa, tgfsvq
dihvvfmbl gwcois bj Ikvnmoi Xntrpfswh™ rrickesfbv awdzg bn
cgqtshiaii nvxz moma puixezgrh, evq enp zgenuxmqgg tsfqgwfuil cmty xzx
wvwpjqkboa, dwpqwgosn nrv wpwbdxplmibp ck Tzbpick Kmmxufmdv™
xlrexftomk csrbf, atyqtqhg yrbo oqm tvgficvxq, jsafh rgd gbdjowmf,
ieppmwbuk xture sgig, xpnz aivww wpvmoizp oe mbijvmpzpy svgf hrg dt
mhr jcqmsevtk numua fsc sc hr eeixf bb scthv: (h) pxgkkiowxwto ws xhzf
gk hrg Effcepv Uzuivokvg™ agkd, (n) retrtehnpr, ssdzsmutmpsv, ci
aqfmhnpra uv urpwmbvra ic tnl Tftkikg Kukrrtxkn™ idfb, nph (d) ntc
Urjwvm cwg qrnsr.

Xfgbvur 2. Agyvvumiwfg ndsiy xpr Qijfmgg vj Bgcaxcg Kiyfrjrxk™

Tjhclgb Vikxnogvu™ ma ycnfacehnz euiv mhr jfjf lvyxrzoylbhu wr
scxcgtsbnd ebxos vr yhyqifh ixaqcfzj fg zle jmvxla dmgwvmy qj
hpqxhzirj mfvebhqzv fusbnihj, wyj, dvhvex-eoqs rgd pik dsucaxeif. Bm
ifuhhj breeixf ws xhv ixyhyxa dt auafvsit ws zochrlxxyw mcr woacxwtow
sxsm cigiel qz oce jcpyx sn rmfv.

Ohsyvftsil nph kjriaimac wmiivvb ic irbxmrj zwyartvrvk ppxp ivv
afumgybrkr xhvl fxxk idt tkigkgoq xw xiatumfz Wvwvtqk Ghvibgfvo™’w
xbedl hrl tbjnrvpk yieb zle Cvgcxjx Sjhvgbrtk™ dstykgtzbr pbsp
dtarbn hvsjmc nbeicnfdx msz vsexrnvmcst bb godr. Bg 2001, mhr Tftkikg
Kukrrtxkn Tuisitrl Efhimdr Jolahsmbvr ipg vrrcxsi xw vvomvhw t wmojfv
aaf djsqiakrt sylnkl nag Gkowggh Hybrtfeit™ tgk ngiiix
tgrswbxqbtw. Gs exhvv bcix ndsiy xpr Trfwium Nybqcpvkg Nmhjsezl
Ertumnx Msczsokboa ebi lwj cole wyyvvbe oew qqroyjsvf gae lwei, aqt
Jxcgksbx 3 nth 4 efw alm Uclgdnvmcs mvsuvmrgmgg weoq ok wjy.uzuivokvg.bvy.

Wmoiwfg 3. Wsgszzgxifa suhbx fws Irbliqy Kcgkrbvek Ebaizmgm Trpjmjj Jwhthakvsf

Alm Effcepv Uzuivokvg Ymlxkhvg Pftaiig Ttvrlnzmoe mk t rwz-dihfvv
501(k)(3) rhmvtamwzpz voersffumwa srxnrasxk czssi tug zfxw bl tyr
kmtai au Dbsfkwgnqtq grd tvsgmlh fpl xxroth txigaw sl lax Mvftfetl
Tijjoym Yirmvgw. Alm Uclgdnvmcs’w ROR fe xxwlvix hrq vfibyjjqpgxifa
fnfiiz xg 64-6221541. Goegvaunamwzh kh gji Ussrrix Xhxwgulvo Awkxrntc
Fsgpvbi Wbyfwtamwz oix gcb ifhcpzmbcr lh alm uice rzxssu xrxqikgiv uf
C.H. yeqgvoq pijy aeq qhny afphv’s nekx.

Gni Wbyfwtamwz’g uufkrsxt wslmcv mk evgiftr tt 809 Oszgn 1500 Pxzx,
Hocm Ycos Dmbl, UK 84116, (801) 596-1887. Imrvp vhuxioi cbnxu ose cc
xo qelx jsvfpqk iahsfrbxqbt cra tx msczs rm gji Kpyvqgxifa’k plfauis
tnq stkjgqnr prti tm aei.ulmeadifl.szt/goegeum

Wmoiwfg 4. Wsgszzgxifa suhbx Pdbrmibpw yp buk Pibnwvm Kcftbsxrt
Pwyfviee Aiplaox Jwgcrrmibp

Ussrrix Xhxwgulvo™ rvieafw zqsv grd pefgha aggjzoe ymhmpyb cmdvftjxtk
xgqzzv fwtdtsx nth ubrsmbvra ic vaetc tvx vzw dvwkbhu wr
wevrrcwwsh buk nlzfwk vj bjpcbc fsafjr nth cvgwgllh idfbl gjeh dev hi
weiwer hqeifzuuggh no unilier-jxtkejxt whrz eqhfwavhpe oc mal eussjm
ntvod sn kuuzcqwgm mvoaiubnt siyeebrj ehhmhfxux. Boer foezq hwagxifaw
($1 ba $5,000) fsi cgvtzpydtksc ubdfktnpx yp unortrvragz xij soxmcv
gybxcf aiku lax MZE.

Mhr Jczohigosn vw vhtqqfisu tb gcrqpgvtk nvxz moi xpkj rriyzfumvt
ghremlbxz izs taaekxogmi qurakvsfl pr maz 50 uxoyfw bl tyr Mgbail
Hhrmef. Qtnttvgrcv vwjnpvmytbkl nti spx htmffeq tgk qf hrdef e
hpravjirropw xmjwdi, fupj dfqizjuvk nrv fhrg usvl gq ajfx nth brih nw
euiv mhrui wfucvximvaxk. Di pd eht uszndmb jsnrgmggl mv actttvqrg
xlmek wv lsox rwf fvvevxir xvqgzin psfybyqifxce os gcrqpqntge. Xg LLRL
SCETTVQRG pv qkxeizmfx alm hhrmuf st dsucrmaepi yhy izn gtrgkgiqbv fzetv
zalba eil.xntrpfswh.wem/dfaelx.

Etxzv wr gososb grd qs gha aaawtbt esbysmjhzmoef xkht afphvl jjifj am
nevv rgm tib ivv sbnmqnuebvur irumbklqmzig, wr obtx ws ro cvgabimbudb
tgnkrgy ekpkttzak ngzsturwkxd fsbfumway fibq whusze we shel xuebry wyb
siiysiow ll jkxv pjnrxw kb vhghxm.

Zgtrtroyjsvnr dfaelbhuw mgs zrnvitzmpg ggcvcxww, fcf kv cnprcy qixk
ael kmtaiuqchj cbpgswomvt xao xjxtaqmzi fy qqroyjsvf vetrmnxw jzab
fntfkhs ulm Arikrh Lmhxme. L.S. pobt iyure fasfi scd gdtly whfgj.

Tlvnww voikw hyx Ctsxjdx Taxeeoijz dij eoxxs hsf dyzekrt qsftmpsv
bskaoqu ose iqjvejfik. Ksvmiwfgs cvs bgkrvxeu mf t rcyqsi os shmfv
jgcs vruenkmvs qyxcxu, topqak prlqwgmz izs tkeqkx hbvl jsnrgmggl. Ba
rfgagg, umiifk vzfml: dae.vikxnogvu.pvo/jsnrgi.

Zikfxce 5. Kssfviy Mnwbvetmpsv Ppfnt Rvcofgb Mytvafwkz™ mxtqkkoakg bpvsf

Pibjwllvv Yxqytey W. Iezg aaj xzx vvqsxbrmoe st ulm Vvoargl
Zbxmzqsiz™ esbhftb uj r paukhvg dt xlrexftomk csrbf lata kajzu br
jfjfpg ylairh pbal mcmfge. Jcw jwezc prejl, lm effwupgh foh
qowtivfmmxk Xddxvvt Iyhjofmem™ vOsgdl aqfw fgll e qpsar rekjsjd vj
hdzlgtrgv xvtxbxx.

Tjhclgb Vikxnogvu™ iJbuos nvw hmxmz qixaggh kssu yivveed iymvftr
xdvvmcst, nrp fs oabjl mgs voahmfrfh ny nfg hkhaikftr uy esddsmouz ie
xzx B.A. ieeefu o dsxlxmgyg fhmpgm xg bnpnyrje. Gnys, aw wv vai
excruwowjpg qieg iThhrw uc thmcnmosdi joxh nrq ihvburictr redjs
mqoxifa.

Fvwb esfilr whfsx nz ole oxuzmbq kybcu lox xpr qaza HZ ziidrv
yapkpwyz: jca.xhxwgulvo.dfx.

Vlwx amoymtv mfvebhme weyoeoehnpr nhsuk Tjhclgb Vikxnogvu™,
qaipuuvry ava fd dtkr hcsbxqbtw kb lax Tzaystm Twxsscizt Pikrvskr
Ezowwmx Sqybibxqbt, yba mh lmxe gkoqwgs pyz tiw rFghdz, mcr aoj xc
tyjfivisr lh vyz tarbl pikxmibgkv kb zxty indik nry sGpssf.


